*OPEN HEAVEN 11 JULY 2023 TUESDAY: EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS 2*

*MEMORIZE:*
But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19

*OPEN HEAVEN 11 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING EPHESIANS 3:20-21*
20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

21 Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.

*MESSAGE:*
We started examining ‘Exceeding Expectations’ yesterday and found out that the Almighty God is the only One who can truly exceed your greatest expectations.

My Daddy is All-Sufficient and limitless. He has so much that after He has blessed someone, the fellow’s cup would run over (Psalm 23:5). Today, we shall continue to look at the Almighty God exceeding our expectations beyond our human imagination.

The Bible says: But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:19)

The above Scripture reveals one fact: that divine supplies are based on our relationship with Jesus Christ. The reason is that Jesus paid the price of blessing those who put their trust in Him.

The Bible says: For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich. (2 Corinthians 8:9)

In our text for today, we are assured that the Almighty God is more than able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we may ask or think. Hence, we must give Him the glory all the time.

Our Lord offers us a classic example of the blessing we receive when we give Him all the glory, honour and thanksgiving, through what He did before five loaves and two pieces of fish became more than enough to feed five thousand people — He gave thanks (John 6:11-14). It was indeed a clear case of exceeding the expectations of the disciples and everyone present there.

This is why Moses admonished the children of Israel to always remember the God who gave them the power to become exceedingly wealthy (Deuteronomy 8:18).

Remembering God is remembering to do according to His commandments. Beloved, if you truly believe Him, He will exceed all your expectations in Jesus’ name.

*ACTION POINT:*
Thank God for what seems not to be enough and He will make it exceedingly more than enough.

*HYMN:*
HYMNAL: 27 – WHAT A FRIEND WE HAVE IN JESUS

1. What a friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear;
What a privilege to carry
Everything to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Everything to God in prayer.
 
2. Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged,
Take it to the Lord in prayer,
Can we find a friend so faithful,
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness,
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
 
3. Are we weak and heavy laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Saviour, still our refuge,
Take it to the Lord in prayer,
Do your friends despise, forsake you?
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
In His arms He’ll take and shield you,
You wilt find a solace there.

*OPEN HEAVEN 11 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: ECCLESIASTES 5-8*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE