*OPEN HEAVEN 12 JULY 2023 WEDNESDAY: DIVINE INTERVENTION*

*MEMORIZE:*
Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt . Exodus 3:10

*OPEN HEAVEN 12 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING 2 CHRONICLES 20:21-24*
21 And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the Lord, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the Lord; for his mercy endureth for ever.

22 And when they began to sing and to praise, the Lord set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.

23 For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another.

24 And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped

*MESSAGE:*
The accounts of Genesis reveal that at a point in time, the world was formless and chaotic; however, the reason for this is not our concern in today’s devotion. Rather, we want to see why divine intervention is necessary in the affairs of men. For example, when the children of Israel found themselves in slavery, they cried to the God of their fathers.

Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them. (Exodus 3:9)

In response to their cry, there was a divine intervention which delivered them from slavery to King Pharaoh (Exodus 6:6). This type of situation is not peculiar to the children of Israel alone; people have been subjected to serious attacks, frustration and untold hardship from generation to generation.

The reason is found in the book of Revelation – how the devil came to the world in a great fury to wreak havoc on earth’s inhabitants (Revelation 12:12). Unless God intervenes as He did in Genesis, human life can be extremely miserable.

In today’s text, three kings ganged up against the tribe of Judah. Jehoshaphat – the King of Judah, however, cried to the Lord for divine intervention, knowing that there was no way he could win the battle against just one of the three kings, not to mention the joint forces of all three.

The Lord responded and said: Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the salvation of the Lord with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be dismayed; tomorrow go out against them: for the Lord will be with you. (2 Chronicles 20:17)

The Lord, intervened and the battle was decided in favour of King Jehoshaphat and his people. The Lord will intervene in your situation today, in Jesus’ name. However, be ready to align yourself with God Almighty through Jesus Christ His Son. Be ready to worship God in holiness and make this your lifestyle.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, please intervene in my situation today as You did for Jehoshaphat and the children of Judah.

*HYMN:*
HYMN 14: O WHAT A WONDERFUL WONDERFUL DAY

1 Oh What A Wonderful Wonderful Day
Day I Will Never Forget
After I’d Wandered In Darkness Away
Jesus My Saviour I Met
Oh What A Tender Compassionate Friend
He Met The Need Of My Heart
Shadows Dispelling With Joy I Am Telling
He Made All The Darkness Depart
 
Chorus
 
Heaven Came Down And Glory Filled My Soul
When At The Cross The Saviour Made Me Whole
My Sins Were Washed Away
And My Night Was Turned To Day
Heaven Came Down And Glory Filled My Soul
 
2 Born Of The Spirit With Life From Above
Into God’s Family Divine
Justified Fully Thru Calvary’s Love
Oh What A Standing Is Mine
And The Transaction So Quickly Was Made
When As A Sinner I Came
Took Of The Offer Of Grace
He Did Proffer He Saved Me
Oh Praise His Dear Name
 
Chorus
 
3 Now I’ve A Hope That Will Surely Endure
After The Passing Of Time
I Have A Future In Heaven For Sure
There In Those Mansions Sublime
And It’s Because Of That Wonderful Day
When At The Cross I Believed
Riches Eternal And Blessings Supernal
From His Precious Hand I Received
 
Chorus

*OPEN HEAVEN 12 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: ECCLESIASTES 9-12*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE