*OPEN HEAVEN 15 JULY 2023 SATURDAY: THE ROLE OF THE HOLY SPIRIT II*

*MEMORIZE:*
And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. Romans 8:27

*OPEN HEAVEN 15 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING 1 JOHN 2:6*
26 Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.

27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.

*MESSAGE:*
We started to look at the role of the Holy Spirit in the life of a Christian yesterday.

We discovered that the Holy Spirit convicts sinners of their sins and draw them unto repentance. Today we want to look at how the Holy Spirit helps believers pray.

When the Bible says that we should pray without ceasing (l Thessalonians 5:17), how can this be possible, humanly speaking? Clearly, this can only be possible with the help of the Holy Spirit.

This is why l pity those who deny the baptism of the Holly Spirit as promised by our Lord Jesus Christ in Acts 1:8.

Our Lord Jesus Christ gave a parable to teah us how important ceaseless prayer is to us as believers in Luke 18:1-8.

However, without the help of the Holy Spirit,no one can accomplish this.

Naturally, we do not even know what to,pray for but the Holy Spirit guides us and prays the will of God through us. Romans 8:26 says:

Likewise, the Spirit also helpeth out infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.

From the scripture above, we see that we need the Holy Spirit to help us pray the right way.

The Holy Spirit also reminds us of the significance of giving thanks as we pray. Indeed, our thanksgiving, praise and worship should always exceed our request.

Be careful for nothing; but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. Philippians 4:6

These indeed are keys to get our prayers answered hence all Christians must seek to be baptized in the Holy Spirit.

*ACTION POINT:*
Holy Spirit Divine, please come into my life and help me in my prayer life.

*HYMN:*
HYMN 10: IN CHRIST ALONE
1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This cornerstone, this solid ground
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace
When fears are stilled, when strivings cease
My comforter, my all in all
Here in the love of Christ I stand
 
2 In Christ alone who took on flesh
Fullness of God in helpless babe
This gift of love and righteousness
Scorned by the ones He came to save
Till on that cross as Jesus died
The wrath of God was satisfied
For every sin on Him was laid
Here in the death of Christ I live
There in the ground His body lay
 
3 Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious day
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me
For I am His and He is mine
Bought with the precious blood of Christ
 
4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
life’s first cry to final breath
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man
Can ever pluck me from His hand
Till He returns or calls me home
Here in the power of Christ I’ll stand

*OPEN HEAVEN 15 JULY 2023 BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: ISAIAH 1-3*

*AUTHORS:*
