*OPEN HEAVEN 17 JULY 2023 MONDAY: THE STORM STILLER I*

*MEMORIZE:*
Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed and walk. John 5:8

*OPEN HEAVEN 17 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING: Mark 4:35-41*


*MESSAGE:*
What is a storm?

Literally, a storm is a disturbance of the atmosphere marked by wind and some or a combination of the following: rain, snow, hail, sleet or thunder and lightning.

Figuratively, however, a storm is a set of unpleasant circumstances that could result in some loss or the other. Storms of life are in categories.

They could be physical, spiritual, emotional, financial, material, political, etc.

In our text, we read about the rising of a great storm that I could have capsised the boat Jesus and His disciples were sailing in. The Storm Stiller, however, commanded that the storm should be still and it was so.

Today, we shall look at physical storms in terms of ill health. I pray that any storm of ill health you may be battling is stilled now in Jesus’ name.

In the story behind our memory verse of today, there was a man who suffered ill health for thirty-eight years. His physical storm raged so long that he felt he was to die by the pool of Bethesda.

However, on that very day that he encountered the Storm Stiller, his story changed. Jesus Christ the Storm Stiller asked him: “Wilt thou be made whole?“ John 5:6.Wilt thou be made whole?

The Almighty God is asking you today, “Do you want to be healed?” If your answer is “Yes“, then you must fulfill the condition for healing.

Divine healing is the ‘food’ meant for children according to Matthew 15:26. Therefore, you must be sure you are genuinely born again because your sins must be forgiven before you can enjoy this divine blessing that will still your storm of ill-health.

When Jesus Christ wanted to still the storm of the young man that was suffering terribly from palsy, the Bible says: “And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy: Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.” Matthew 9:2. This implies that you should repent of your sins and seek God’s forgiveness if you want Him to still the storm health in your life.And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy: Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.

As you heed His call today, every storm of ill health in your life will cease today in Jesus’ name.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, I receive my healing today in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN:*
HYMN 25 THE GREAT PHYSICIANS NOW IS NEAR
1. The great Physician now is near,
The sympathizing Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,
Oh! hear the voice of Jesus.
 
Refrain
Sweetest note in seraph song,
Sweetest name on mortal tongue;
Sweetest carol ever sung,
Jesus, blessed Jesus.
 
2. Your many sins are all forgiven,
Oh! hear the voice of Jesus;
Go on your way in peace to heaven,
And wear a crown with Jesus.
 
3. All glory to the risen Lamb!
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Savior’s name,
I love the name of Jesus.
 
4 His name dispels my guilt and fear,
No other name but Jesus;
Oh! how my soul delights to hear
The charming name of Jesus.

*OPEN HEAVEN 17 JULY 2023 BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 9-11*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E A ADEBOYE