*OPEN HEAVEN 18 JULY 2023 TUESDAY: THE STORM STILLER II*

*MEMORIZE:*
For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich. 2 Corinthians 8:9

*OPEN HEAVEN 18 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING: Mark 4:35-41 (KJV)*


*MESSAGE:*
A financial storm is another critical storm of life that every believer must take care of by the power in the name of Jesus Christ.

The Bible says: “The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender” Proverbs 22:7. The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender

The Scripture further says: “The rich man’s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty” Proverbs 10:15. The first thing to do to still a financial storm is to work hard. The Bible says:The rich man’s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty”

He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich. He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame. Proverbs 10:4-5He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich. He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame.

The Bible further says in Proverbs 22:29:

“Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men.“Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men.

Thus, hard work is good. However, hard work alone may not guarantee safety from a financial storm because the Bible says: “Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain” Psalm 127:1Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain

Right from the fall at Eden, man has been labouring with little reward (Genesis 3:17-19).

Therefore, the curse of poverty must be broken and the only One who can do this is Jesus Christ our Redeemer.

Our memory verse for today shows that Jesus sacrificed everything to restore man to a life of bliss. We must invite Him into our lives so that every financial storm blowing against our lives would be stilled.

We need to cry to God in the name of Jesus Christ, who promised that whatever we ask the Father in His name shall be done for us (John 14:14).

He says also in Matthew 7:7-8, “Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened“. Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened

God will end poverty in your life today and He will use your testimony to draw many into His Kingdom, in Jesus’ name.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, please bless me, and still my financial storms today.

*HYMN:*
HYMNAL: 26 – THERE SHALL BE SHOWERS OF BLESSING
1. There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.
 
REFRAIN:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.
 
2. There shall be showers of blessing:
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.
 
3. There shall be showers of blessing:
Send them upon us, Oh Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come and now honour Thy Word.
 
4. There shall be showers of blessing:
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now, as to God, we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

*OPEN HEAVEN 18 JULY 2023 BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: ISAIAH 12-14*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E A ADEBOYE