*OPEN HEAVEN 19 JULY 2023 WEDNESDAY: THE STORM STILLER III*

*MEMORIZE:*
And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Weep Not. – Luke 7:13

*OPEN HEAVEN 19 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING: Mark 4:35-41 (KJV)*
35 And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.

36 And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.

37 And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.

38 And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?

39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

40 And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?

41 And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?

*MESSAGE:*
The greatest storm of life is untimely death.

The good news is that the Storm Stiller has power over death.

The Bible says: Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?  – John 11:25-26Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?

The story behind our memory verse is a pointer to the fact that Jesus indeed is the only One who can still all storms of life, including the most devastating one – death.

There was a widow who was left with only one son. The storm of death had taken away her husband and returned to take her only son as well.

As the child was being carried away for burial, the woman and the people bearing the corpse encountered the Storm StiIler.

The Bible records that: And he came and touched the bier, and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise. Luke 7:14And he came and touched the bier, and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.

Beloved, I bring good news to you today: the storm of untimely death will not rage in your family. As Jesus stilled the storm on the sea, so shall every devastating storm be stilled today, in Jesus’ name.

Jesus is the only answer to the storm of death. The Bible says: Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil: And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage – Hebrews 2:14-15Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil: And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage

Beloved, you do not need to be afraid of death because Jesus Christ has conquered death for us; because He lives, death shall have no power over us again.

You do not need to join secret societies or engage in voodoo for fear of death.

Romans 6:9 assures us that death has no control over Christ; if you’re His child, death can have no control over you either.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, never let me or any member of my family experience untimely death, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN:*
HYMNAL: 17 – PRAISE MY SOUL, THE KING OF HEAVEN
1. Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven,
To His feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Evermore His praises sing.
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!
 
2. Praise Him for His grace and favour
To His people in distress.
Praise Him, still the same as ever,
Slow to chide and swift to bless.
Alleluia! alleluia!
Glorious in His faithfulness!
 
3. Father-like He tends and spares us,
Well our feeble frame He knows,
In His hand he gently bears us,
Rescues us from all our foes:
Alleluia! alleluia!
Widely yet His mercy flows!
 
4. Angels, help us to adore Him!
You behold Him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before Him,
Dwellers all in time and space,
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

*OPEN HEAVEN 19 JULY 2023 BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: ISAIAH 15-19*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E A ADEBOYE