*OPEN HEAVEN 20 JULY 2023 THURSDAY: YOU CAN BE THE BEST*

*MEMORIZE:*
Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed. – John 8:31

*OPEN HEAVEN 20 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING: Deuteronomy 28:1 (KJV)*


*MESSAGE:*
Anyone can become the best.

There are, however, conditions that must be fulfilled if you want to become the best.

The Bible says: I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth. Ecclesiastes 10:7I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth.

It all depends on the readiness to pay the price.

In our Bible text, we read the promises of God that assure us of being the best. However, in the same text, we read the conditions to fulfil – hearkening to the voice of the Lord, observing and doing all His commandments.

How many of us are ready to hearken to the voice of the Lord today?

I have taught my ministers what it means to hearken, which is different from listening. To hearken is not just to listen but to pay very close attention to the details of the voice and commandment of the Lord.

Only then can you fulfil the details of God’s instructions. The Bible says that faith can only come by hearing, and hearing by the word of God and not the word of men or the voice of our carnal body (Romans 10:17).

For example, if you want to be the best financially, you must pay close attention to Malachi 3:10, which says: Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.

A closer look at the passage above will reveal why some people have been paying their tithes but have not received the promise of super-abundance.

“Bring all the tithes” the Bible says – not some. “Bring it” not “Send it” – meaning that God cherishes our presence before Him more than our gift.

He wants our fellowship. He is not a beggar; we must come with fear and trembling, praying that He would even accept our tithes and offerings.

Another example is when we want God to perform miracles through us.

The Bible says that some results cannot be achieved without prayer and fasting (Matthew 17:21), even though some translations have removed fasting for reasons best known to them.

Beloved, you can be the best if you will pay the price of surrendering your life to Christ and living according to His will.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, please give me the best and make me the best, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN:*
Heavenly Father, thank You for the protection of my life and the lives of my loved ones from untimely death. Your Word says in Psalm 91:16 that with long life You will satisfy us and show us Your salvation. I claim this promise for myself and my family, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Lord Jesus, I commit my ways and steps into Your hands, for Your Word in Psalm 37:23 assures me that the steps of a good man are ordered by You. I trust in Your divine guidance to keep me away from any danger that may lead to untimely death, in the mighty name of Jesus. Please
Continue Here 👉
Prayer Points For Open Heavens 19 July 2023
 
 
OPEN HEAVEN 20 JULY 2023 HYMN
 
HYMNAL: 21 – STANDING ON THE PROMISES OF CHRIST MY KING
 
1. Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Through eternal ages let His praises ring;
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.
 
REFRAIN:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Savior
Standing, standing,
I’m standing on the promises of God.
 
2. Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.
 
3. Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love’s strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit’s sword,
Standing on the promises of God.
 
4. Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List’ning ev’ry moment to the Spirit’s call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

*OPEN HEAVEN 20 JULY 2023 BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: ISAIAH 20-24*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E A ADEBOYE