*OPEN HEAVEN 22 JULY 2023 SATURDAY: LOVE AND GODLINESS II*

*MEMORIZE:*
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love . 1 John 4:8

*OPEN HEAVEN 22 2023 BIBLE READING 1 JOHN 4:7-10*


*MESSAGE:*
Verse 8 of our text which is our memory verse, says: “He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love” (1 John 4:8). This Scripture implies that not all people we find in Church know God or can be trusted. The early Church leaders did not take the issue of love lightly because they knew godliness is tested by the amount of love a believer possesses.He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love”

Paul the Apostle prayed thus: And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you: To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints. I Thessalonians 3:12-13

It takes love to be godly because God is love. This love made Him give up His only begotten Son as a sacrifice for us so that we would not perish (John 3:16 and 1 John 4:9).

This is the standard that the Almighty God has set for those who claim to be His children. Love makes people go the extra mile in helping others. Jesus commended the good Samaritan in Luke 10:33-37 because the proof of God in us is doing good.

Our Lord Jesus Christ demonstrated this as recorded in Acts 10:38: How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.

James the Apostle describe love in practical terms when he wrote: “Yea, a man may say Thou hast faith, and l have works: sheweth me thy faith without thy works, and l will show thee my faith by my works” (James 2:18). The proof of godliness is service to humanity, according to 2 Timothy 2:21.Yea, a man may say Thou hast faith, and l have works: sheweth me thy faith without thy works, and l will show thee my faith by my works”

John 15:9 also says: As the Father hath loved me, so have l loved you: continue in my love. It is a divine commandment for all children of God to continue in His love. Are you living in the love of Christ?

*ACTION POINT:*
Father please fill me with every good work and let me reflect Your love to the world.

*HYMN:*
JESUS LOVES ME THIS I KNOW
1. Jesus loves me! this I know,
For the Bible tells me so;
Little ones to Him belong;
They are weak, but He is strong.
 
CHORUS
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
The Bible tells me so.
 
2. Jesus loves me He who died,
Heaven’s gate to open wide,
He will wash away my sin,
Let His little child come in.
 
3. Jesus loves me, loves me still,
Tho’ I’m very weak and ill
From His shining throne on high
He will watch me where I lie.
 
4. Jesus loves me He will stay
Close beside me all the way,
If I love Him when I die
He will take me home on high.

*OPEN HEAVEN 22 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: ISAIAH 29-31*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE