*OPEN HEAVEN 5 JULY 2023 WEDNESDAY: DIVINE BLESSINGS 1*

*MEMORIZE:*
The blessing of the Lord, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it. Proverbs 10:22

*OPEN HEAVEN 5 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING GENESIS 26:12-17*
12 Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the Lord blessed him.

13 And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:

14 For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.

15 For all the wells which his father’s servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.

16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we.

17 And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there.

*MESSAGE:*
Divine blessing can be described as a command from God that will make all the forces in heaven, on earth and under the earth favour an individual or group of people.

A divinely blessed person or group of people will succeed where others are failing. For example, in our Bible reading today, Isaac sowed during a famine and he reaped a hundredfold.

In other words, he succeeded where others were failing. We can trace this remarkable result to God’s blessing over Abraham, Isaac’s father in Genesis 22:17: That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;

God had promised to bless Abraham and multiply his seed after he passed the test in Genesis 22. Little wonder why Isaac would sow and reap a hundredfold during a famine.

Isaac however, also had a part to play in obtaining and enforcing the fulfilment of the divine blessing on his life. Firstly, he was obedient to his father even up to the point of death. Isaac could have escaped easily from Abraham when the latter laid him on the altar, but he did not. That must have really pleased God.

Secondly, he obeyed God’s instruction to stay at Gerar even when humanly speaking, it did not appear to be the right thing to do at the time, considering the famine in the land. Only those who are obedient to divine instructions will experience divine blessings.

Mary, the mother of the Lord Jesus Christ, told the maidens that whatever Jesus asked them to do, they should do it and their obedience led to the divine provision of much better wine for the guests at the wedding (John 2:5-10).

Beloved, divine blessing is sweet, pleasant and without sorrow. Surrender your life to Jesus Christ, live in complete obedience to God and you will experience divine blessings in every area of your life, in Jesus’ name.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, please bless me indeed and take evil far from me, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN:*
THERE SHALL BE SHOWERS OF BLESSING

1. There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.
 
REFRAIN:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.
 
2. There shall be showers of blessing:
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.
 
3. There shall be showers of blessing:
Send them upon us, Oh Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come and now honour Thy Word.
 
4. There shall be showers of blessing:
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now, as to God, we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

*OPEN HEAVEN 5 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: PROVERBS 18-20*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE