*OPEN HEAVEN 7 JULY 2023 FRIDAY: DIVINE BLESSINGS 3*

*MEMORIZE:*
Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples. John 15:8

*OPEN HEAVEN 7 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING LUKE 13:6-9*
6 He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none.

7 Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?

8 And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it:

9 And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it down.

*MESSAGE:*
Many divine blessings are conditional. This is why there are many “ifs” in God’s covenants with mankind. For instance, in Deuteronomy 28:1 God promised the children of Israel that He would bless them so much so that they would be above all nations of the earth, if they would hearken diligently to His voice and keep His commandments.

The primary purpose of divine blessings is to make the blessed fellow fruitful and a blessing to others. Fruitfulness however, is also one of the conditional blessings of God.

The primary condition for fruitfulness is found in John 15:4: Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.

The question then is, “How can I abide in the Vine?” The answer is not far-fetched. You must first become a part of the Vine by responding positively to Jesus’ call in Matthew 11:28-30. When you confess Him as your Lord and saviour, you become grafted into the Vine – the Lord Jesus Christ.

The next phase is to abide in Jesus. Abiding in Jesus means living according to His will. Jesus said in John 8:31, “…if ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed”. He also said in John 15:10, “If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love’.if ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed”If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love’.

You can be fruitful spiritually, like Peter who preached one sermon and 3000 souls were won into the kingdom of God (Acts 2:38-41) or Paul, who God healed many sick people through his apron and handkerchiefs (Acts 19:11-12).

You can also be fruitful materially, as in the case of Isaac, who became so wealthy that a whole nation began to envy him (Genesis 26:14-17). Furthermore, you can also be fruitful physically such that in your old age, you would remain strong, as in the case of Moses (Deuteronomy 34:7).

Beloved, as we read in our Bible text today, it is dangerous to be unfruitful. You will experience all-round fruitfulness if you surrender your life to Jesus and live according to His will for the rest of your life.

*ACTION POINT:*
Father, please cause me to experience all-round fruitfulness, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN:*
HYMNAL: 30 – WHEN WE WALK WITH THE LORD

1. When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.
 
REFRAIN:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.
 
2. But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.
 
3. Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*OPEN HEAVEN 7 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: PROVERBS 24-26*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE