*OPEN HEAVEN 8 JULY 2023 SATURDAY: THE HOPE OF GLORY*

*MEMORIZE:*
By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. Romans 5:2

*OPEN HEAVEN 8 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING ROMANS 5:1-5*
1 Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:

2 By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.

3 And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;

4 And patience, experience; and experience, hope:

5 And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.

*MESSAGE:*
To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. (Colossians 1:27)

The Bible says in Hebrews 11:6 that one cannot please God without faith. For anyone to have the hope of glory, the fellow must choose correctly whom he or she would serve (Joshua 24:15). It takes faith to choose rightly, according to our memory verse for today.

Through faith in the Living God, we are justified as the redeemed of the Lord – Jesus being the Author and Finisher of our Faith. He came to save us through His death, by the washing away of our sins with His blood.

This is why the Bible says: But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain. But now is Christ from the dead, and become the first fruits of them that slept.

The Scripture above is the basis for our hope of glory. The Scripture further says, “if in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable” (1 Corinthians 15:19). This is why as Christians, we should not despair even in tribulation because of the assurance of glory we have in Christ.

Our hope of glory is not an empty hope, according to Revelation 21:1-7, which assures us of a new heaven and a new earth where there shall be no more pain, sorrow, lack, sickness or death. Death shall be swallowed in victory (1 Corinthians 15:54).

Therefore, beloved, to have this hope in you, accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Saviour today. If you have accepted Christ, ensure you do not look back because Jesus said: “No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the Kingdom of God” – (Luke 9:62).No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the Kingdom of God”

I pray the Almighty God keeps us all in Him to the end, in Jesus’ name.

*ACTION POINT:*
Thank the Lord for the hope of glory and ask Him to help you remain steadfast in Him to the end.

*HYMN:*
I AM SO GLAD THAT OUR FATHER IN HEAVEN

1. I am so glad that our Father in heaven
Tell of His love in the book He has given;
Wonderful things in the Bible I see;
This is the dearest, that Jesus loves me.
 
REFRAIN:
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me,
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves even me.
 
2. Jesus loves me and I know I love Him;
Love brought Him down my lost soul to redeem;
Yes, it was love made Him die on the tree:
Oh, I am certain that Jesus love me.
 
3. In this assurance I find sweetest rest,
Trusting in Jesus I know I am blessed;
Satan, dismayed from my soul doth now flee,
When I just tell him that Jesus loves me.
 
4. Oh, if there’s only one song I can sing,
When in His beauty I see the great King,
This shall my song in eternity be,
“Oh, what a wonder that Jesus loves me!”
 
5. If one should ask of me, how can I tell?
Glory to Jesus, I know very well!
God’s Holy Spirit with mine doth agree,
Constantly witnessing Jesus loves me.

*OPEN HEAVEN 8 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: PROVERBS 27-29*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE