*OPEN HEAVEN 9 JULY 2023 SUNDAY: THE WISDOM OF GOD*

*MEMORIZE:*
Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men. 1 Corinthians 1:25

*OPEN HEAVEN 9 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING 1 CORINTHIANS 1:18-31*
18 For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.

19 For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.

20 Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?

21 For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.

22 For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:

23 But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;

24 But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.

25 Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.

26 For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:

27 But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;

28 And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:

29 That no flesh should glory in his presence.

30 But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:

31 That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.

*MESSAGE:*
Our Lord Jesus Christ is the power and wisdom of God (1 Corinthians 1:24).

He declared in Luke 4:18: The Spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised. (Luke 4:18)

It then follows that anyone who embraces the gospel of Jesus Christ is wise. However, the word of God cannot be understood through logical reasoning.

For instance, Jesus preached that whoever will have his life must first lose it for His sake (Mark 8:35).

He also declared that for us to find rest for our souls, we must take His yoke upon us.

How can yoke-carrying bring rest to the soul of the carrier? This is why many scientists and philosophers struggle to accept and believe the word of God.

For example, I was personally caught in this web in my early Christian walk concerning tithing.

“How can 90% be enough when even the entire 100% was never enough for me?” I queried then. Thanks be to God that I know better now.

The good news is that Acts 10:38 testifies that Jesus Christ went about preaching and His preaching brought all forms of deliverance to those who listened and came to Him (Matthew 21:14).

Beloved, do you believe the Gospel? The Gospel is the good news of how Jesus came to this world to save all sinners (1 Timothy 1:15).

This is the wisdom of God hidden in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Come to Him today to receive His Wisdom and your life will not remain the same.

What are your needs? He has promised that if you seek His kingdom and righteousness first, He will add all these things you need to you (Matthew 6:33). Accept God’s wisdom, take Him at His word, and He will never let you down.

*ACTION POINT:*
Thank God for giving you access to His wisdom.

*HYMN:*
WONDERFUL STORY OF LOVE

1. Wonderful story of love!
Tell it to me again;
Wonderful story of love!
Wake the immortal strain.
Angels with rapture announce it,
Shepherds with wonder receive it;
Sinner, O won’t you believe it?
Wonderful story of love!
 
REFRAIN:
Wonderful! Wonderful!
Wonderful story,
Wonderful story of love!
 
2. Wonderful story of love!
Though you are far away;
Wonderful story of love!
Still He doth call today.
Calling from Calvary’s mountain,
Down from the crystal bright fountain,
E’en from the dawn of creation;
Wonderful story of love!
 
3. Wonderful story of love!
Jesus provides a rest;
Wonderful story of love!
For all the pure and blest;
Rest in those mansions above us,
With those who’ve gone on before us,
Singing the rapturous chorus;
Wonderful story of love!

*OPEN HEAVEN 9 JULY 2023 BIBLE READING IN ONE YEAR: PROVERBS 30-31*

*AUTHORS:*
PASTOR E.A ADEBOYE
PASTOR MRS FOLU ADEBOYE