*Open Heaven 1 August 2023 TOPIC: Brighter Days Are Ahead*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.” – Proverbs 4:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Samuel 2:7-9 (KJV)

7 The Lord maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.

8 He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the Lord’s, and he hath set the world upon them.

9 He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.

*MESSAGE*
It doesn’t matter how low you are now, there is still hope for a great future. I have seen God lift people from the miry clay and take them to the mountain top. Believe it or not, He will do the same for you, in Jesus’ name.

My story is proof of this; I walked barefoot for the first eighteen years of my life. I can never forget my final year in grammar school. Prize-Giving day was coming up and I was supposed to take home many prizes. Those of us in our final year were to wear white trousers and shoes but I had no trousers – white, black or red. As for shoes, I had never owned one. I started lamenting, “God, you know I have no trousers; why did You allow me to win these prizes?” One day, a boy in the hostel asked me to help him choose which of his six trousers he should wear for the ceremony. I helped him choose one and then said, “Ermm, you know I don’t even have one to wear”. “Pick one,” he offered. Although the trouser was so big that I nearly had to pull the waistband up to my chest, I didn’t care; trousers were trousers.

Now, the next problem was shoes. It was then I remembered that I had a poor uncle somewhere who had some shoes. The pair he gave me was old, with soles made from old lorry tires. I had to practice walking in them because I had never worn shoes before in my life. However, when the Prize-Giving day finally came, I had trousers and shoes to wear to the occasion.

Even if your current situation is worse than what I have just described, I assure you that the Lord who lifted me up can do the same for you. Greater days are coming, if you trust God and lay all in His hands. I must say that God did not raise me just because He felt like doing so; He did it to show forth His own glory. He said when your light shines before men, it is so that they can glorify your Father in heaven (Matthew 5:16).

If you dedicate your life to glorifying Him and are never shy to give Him glory for whatever you achieve, He will raise you, even higher than you can ever imagine.

Greater days are ahead of you, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Anyone who is willing to glorify God with his or her life will experience divine lifting.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 1 August 2023 HYMN 14: O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,
Day I will never forget;
After I’d wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart!

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory fill my soul,
When at the cross my Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away
And my night was tuned to day
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God’s family divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it’s because of that wonderful day
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 60-63
