*Open Heaven 1 December 2023 TOPIC: Transfer Of Anointing 3*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.” – Acts 5:15(KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 5:12-16 (KJV)

12 And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon’s porch.

13 And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.

14 And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women.)

15 Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.

16 There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one.

*MESSAGE*
Over the past two days we have discussed conduction and convection as methods of transferring anointing. Today, we will discuss a third method called ‘radiation’. Radiation in this context refers to when anointing is transferred through the air without any form of physical contact. This is the highest form of transferring of anointing.

We see the transfer of anointing by radiation in Acts 5:12-16 where Peter did not touch the sick at all; they were only laid on the floor and his shadow healed them. Anointing can be transferred from the preacher on the altar to someone sitting in the congregation or even through a television set, radio, phone and so on.

With the millions of people who attend our programmes in the Redemption Camp, it is impractical to lay hands on everyone, so God increased His anointing upon me and made it possible for me to just wave my hands from the altar and even people at the back of the auditorium would be healed. As the crowd grew even more, God increased the anointing so that it could be transferred through a combination of both radiation and conduction. Now when I wave my hands and pray on people’s handkerchiefs, those handkerchiefs become anointed, and the Lord works miracles through them.

There was a fellow who came to one of our programmes during which, as led by the Lord, I said, “Whatever garment you are wearing today is anointed”. The following week, the man was going to work in his car and there was a crowd blocking his way, so he parked to find out what happened. He saw that a vehicle had knocked someone down and the fellow was dead. He suddenly remembered that the jacket he was wearing was the one he wore on the Holy Ghost night, so he pushed the people aside, took off his jacket, laid it on the dead man, and the fellow got up. Anointing was transferred to the cloth by radiation, then the cloth transferred the anointing to the dead fellow by conduction.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please anoint me so powerfully that just by waving my hands, the sick would get healed.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 1 December 2023 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Saviour, Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me, at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit
Would I seek Thy face
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou, the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me.
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav’n but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Corinthians 10-13
