*Open Heaven 1 February 2024 TOPIC: Becoming A Son Of God (2)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.” – John 8:35 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 33:12-17 (KJV)

12 And Moses said unto the Lord, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my sight.

13 Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.

14 And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.

15 And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence.

16 For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.

17 And the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.

*MESSAGE*
A son dwells in the house of God, he does not come and go, he dwells in the presence of his Father. Many people come and go from the presence of God. The sons are the ones that abide in His presence; wherever they go, they ensure that His presence is with them.

How do you remain in God’s presence? First, you don’t joke with your quiet time with Him. That is when it is just you and Him in the morning, conversing. That is when you study your Bible and pray. You should start your day with Him and become addicted to speaking to Him every morning. Beyond that, don’t make any decision without first asking for His input. You should ask Him for which outfit to wear, which route to take on your way to work, and so on. When you live basically on His voice, you are dwelling in His presence continually. Psalm 10:4 says that those who don’t have God in all their thoughts are proud and wicked.

God must be in all your thoughts. He must be the motivation behind everything you do. Everything you do must be done for His glory. 1 Corinthians 10:31 says:

Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.

A son is always seeking to glorify his Father’s name. He never wants to do anything that will make people say, “And you call yourself a child of God.” As such, he lives conscious of whose he is. He doesn’t do anything that is outside the leading of his Father because he never wants to leave the presence of his Father.

When you read Mark 15:34-37, you will see that it was when Jesus saw that the Father had forsaken Him that He gave up the ghost. He could bear all the pain as long as God was with Him, but the moment He saw that He was no longer in the presence of His Father, He gave up the ghost. That is how addicted you must be to God’s presence. If you are a son of God, abiding in His presence must be like breathing to you.

*PRAYER POINT*
How attached are you to the One you call your Father?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 1 February 2024 HYMN 27 – What A Friend We Have In Jesus

1 What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Everything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit,
O what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Everything to God in prayer!

2 Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged,
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness,
Take it to the Lord in prayer.

3 Are we weak and heavy-laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge—
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He’ll take and shield thee,
Thou wilt find a solace there.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 14-15
