*Open Heaven 1 September 2023 TOPIC: Prayers For Children*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And all thy children shall be taught of the Lord; and great shall be the peace of thy children.” – Isaiah 54:13 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 19:13-15 (KJV)

13 Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.

14 But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.

15 And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.

*MESSAGE*
PRAYERS:

1). Father, thank You for all the children in my family, church, community and around the world.

2). Father, as children will be returning to school this month, please provide for their parents and guardians. Please, make a way for all children that should be in school but are unable to go.

3). Father, please bless my children and all children around me with a sound mind, in Jesus’ name.

4). Father, please use my children and all children around me for Your glory.

5). Father, please keep all the children around me away from evil influences and keep drawing them closer to You, in Jesus’ name.

6). Father, please give all the children around me pure hearts. Let their hearts remain pure in You, in Jesus’ name.

7). Father, please put Your angels on guard over all the children around me.

8). Father, please let the blood of Jesus be a mark upon my children and all children around me, in Jesus’ name.

9). Father, please reveal Yourself to all the children around me, just as You reached out to Samuel at such a young age, in Jesus’ name.

10). Father, please help me and everyone who has influence over the children around me to lead them according to Your will, in Jesus’ name.

11). Father, please make all the children in my family, church and community light and salt to this world, in Jesus’ name.

12). Your personal prayer point for all children around you.

*PRAYER POINT*
1 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!That calls me from a world of care,And bids me at my Father’s throneMake all my want and wishes known;In seasons of distress and grief,My soul has often found relief,And oft escaped the tempter’s snare,By the return, sweet hour of prayer.

*HYMN*




*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 25-27
