*Open Heaven 10 December 2023 TOPIC: Believe His Word*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?” – Numbers 23:19 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Corinthians 1:18-20 (KJV)

18 But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.

19 For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.

20 For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us.

*MESSAGE*
Isaiah 6:1-3 tells us that the Almighty God, even though He is all-powerful, loving and glorious, wants to be known for one thing above all others and that is that He is holy. He is a holy God and that makes it impossible for Him to lie. Numbers 23:19 says God is not a man that He should lie, neither the son of man that He should repent. Psalm 119:89 says His word is forever settled – in other words, you can rely on His word. Psalm 33:8-9 says once He speaks, it is done.

Why must we believe in Jesus Christ? John 14:6 says He is the Way, the Truth and the Life. If you believe in God the Father and God the Son, it automatically follows that you will believe in God the Holy Spirit. This is because John 15:26 says the Holy Spirit proceeds from God the Father. (2 Peter 1:20-21) says the Bible is written by the hands of men who were inspired by the Holy Spirit. In other words, your Bible was written by the Holy Spirit, using the hands of men. Since (1 John 4:6) says the Holy Spirit is the Spirit of truth, then it follows that everything you find in Scripture is the truth.

Unless you believe the entire Scripture, you are not even saved. John 1:11-12 says:

He came unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:

If you are truly saved and you believe the entire Scripture, then you can go ahead and claim your healing because it is written in (1 Peter 2:24) that by His stripes we were healed. Take note of the past tense ‘were’ used in the verse. This means your healing has been settled already. God is simply waiting for you to manifest divine health through your willingness to obey every word of His. You can also claim your deliverance if only you would believe. John 8:32 and 36 says you shall know the truth, the truth shall make you free and whosoever the Son sets free shall be free indeed. There are lots of blessings available to the believer. All you have to do is believe in God, believe in His word, and everything He has promised in the Bible will be yours.

*PRAYER POINT*
Do you really believe in God’s word? If you do, then you will live strictly according to it.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 10 December 2023 HYMN 21 – Standing On The Promises Of Christ My King

1 Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Through eternal ages let His praises ring;
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Refrain:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Savior
Standing, standing,
I’m standing on the promises of God.

2 Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

3 Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love’s strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit’s sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

4 Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List’ning ev’ry moment to the Spirit’s call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Philippians 1-4
