*Open Heaven 10 January 2024 TOPIC: It Shall Be Well 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.” – Psalm 67:5 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 67:5-7 (KJV)

5 Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.

6 Then shall the earth yield her increase; and God, even our own God, shall bless us.

7 God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, I declared that it shall be well with the children of God this year, and so shall it be in the mighty name of Jesus. There are, however, certain things you must do intentionally in order to have a manifestation of this blessing in your life. One of them is to praise God at all times.

Our Bible reading today says that the earth will yield its increase unto you when you praise God. When you learn to praise Him with all of your heart and strength, everything on the earth will work together to ensure you have all-round success. The story in (2 Chronicles 20:20-24) is a pointer to the efficacy of praise when directed to the only One that deserves it – The Almighty God. When you praise the Almighty God, He will rise to fight your battles for you. Your enemies will be defeated, and people will rejoice with you.

The psalmist in our text today seemed to pray that God should grant the people the grace to praise Him. This is because only God enables people to do anything for Him (Philippians 2:13). Everything we do for God is by His grace – even when we praise Him. Also, God encourages people to praise Him by doing seemingly impossible things for them. I pray that the Almighty God will do something spectacular in your life this year that will cause you to sing and dance for joy. Your dancing will be constant this year, in Jesus’ name.

Years ago, the Lord told us in a service that we should praise Him and not ask for anything at all. There was a woman who came with a serious health condition. As a result of this, she was not satisfied with the way the service was going that day, so she approached the then Deputy General Overseer of blessed memory, Pa J. H. Abiona, for prayers. Papa told her that the General Overseer said that we should only praise God and not ask for anything. The woman reluctantly joined everyone else to praise the Lord. As she started praising God, she received her healing.

I enjoin you to cultivate the habit of praising God in an unusual way this year, and it shall truly be well with you, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
When we praise God, we attract showers of divine blessings.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 10 January 2024 HYMN 17 – Praise My Soul, The King Of Heaven

1 Praise, my soul, the King of heaven;
to his feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
evermore his praises sing.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

2 Praise him for his grace and favor
to his people in distress.
Praise him, still the same as ever,
slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Glorious in his faithfulness!

3 Fatherlike he tends and spares us;
well our feeble frame he knows.
In his hand he gently bears us,
rescues us from all our foes.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Widely yet his mercy flows!

4 Angels, help us to adore him;
you behold him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before him,
dwellers all in time and space.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Genesis 32-35
