*Open Heaven 10 March 2024 TOPIC: When Fire Falls*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And there went out fire from the Lord, and devoured them, and they died before the Lord.” – Leviticus 10:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Leviticus 10:1-5 (KJV)

1 And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the Lord, which he commanded them not.

2 And there went out fire from the Lord, and devoured them, and they died before the Lord.

3 Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the Lord spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And Aaron held his peace.

4 And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp.

5 So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the camp; as Moses had said.

*MESSAGE*
When you are in a service, and everyone is praying that fire should fall, you must beware, because when the fire of God falls, some people die, and some others rejoice. When the fire of God falls, those who do not belong to Him are consumed, while those who belong to Him are empowered.

In Daniel 3:19-30, when they threw Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego into the fire, their yokes were destroyed by the fire, they walked out of the fire into promotion, but those who were not on the side of the Lord that got close to that fire were consumed.

Some years ago, as I was preaching during a service, the fire of God fell. While people were getting their healings, a woman ran out of the service. From outside the hall, she beckoned on the fellow she came with to bring her bag so that she could go home. Surprised, the fellow asked her why she couldn’t come in to get her bag herself, and she said that there was fire in the place and she couldn’t come in for fear of being burnt. When the fire of God comes down, while it brings healings and promotions to God’s children, it can destroy those who are not on the Lord’s side. So, before you join those who are asking for fire to fall, if you are not already on God’s side, please cross over.

I should also note that sometimes, the fire of God comes down unexpectedly in the middle of a service. Even the preacher may be unaware that God is about to rain down fire. When the fire falls, only those who are on Christ’s side will be safe. The reason I chose the passage in our Bible reading for today is that I want to speak particularly to those who are workers in the church and who are still dipping their hands into sin. Surrender your life completely to the Lord Jesus Christ because if you are standing by when the fire begins to fall, and you are not on the Lord’s side, the result might not be very pleasant.

God usually gives room for repentance, but that is until His fire falls. The day the fire falls is the day of consequences – there is no repentance after that. Many are nursing diseases and other terrible issues because when the fire of God fell, they were not on His side.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please forgive me of every sin I have committed against You. Please help me to be on Your side at all times, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 10 March 2024 HYMN 26 – THERE SHALL BE SHOWERS OF BLESSING

1 There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Savior above.

Refrain
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

2 There shall be showers of blessing—
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

3 There shall be showers of blessing;
Send them upon us, O Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come, and now honor Thy Word.

4 There shall be showers of blessing;
O that today they might fall,
Now as to God we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

5 There shall be showers of blessing,
If we but trust and obey;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
If we let God have His way.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Joshua 21-22
