*Open Heaven 11 August 2023 TOPIC: Why God May Be Silent*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.” – Jeremiah 29:11 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 5:1-9 (KJV)

1 After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.

2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

*MESSAGE*
Several years ago, when I was a very young preacher, there was a good campground in Nigeria called the ‘Youth Camp’. We would often go there for retreats. One day while we were there for a retreat, the owners told me they wanted to sell the place for N100,000. We had nothing close to that kind of money then, but I had faith that God would buy the place for us. I gathered my people together and we prayed round the camp, confessing that it was already ours in line with the word of God in Joshua 1:3 – “Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you”. Later on, when the owners saw that we were not forthcoming with the money, they sold it to a bigger ministry. We were devastated. We turned to God, “But Lord, we prayed, we used Your word”. All through, He remained silent. He remained silent because He had something bigger in store for us. He knew that forty acres of land would be too small for where He was taking us. By God’s grace, the auditorium we now call the Old Auditorium sits on over forty acres of land. Our new auditorium is now 3 kilometres by 3 kilometres.

If you have prayed, praised God, and are sure of your faith, but God remains silent, it is likely because He has something bigger in store for you than what you are asking for. He is a God who takes pleasure in exceeding His children’s expectations. The Bible says in Ephesians 3:20: “Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,”

In our Bible reading for today, the man at the pool of Bethesda was explaining his predicament to Jesus, hoping that He would help him get into the water. Jesus however ignored him and gave him something greater. This is the case many times when you are praying and it looks like God is ignoring you; He may just be preparing something greater for you. Don’t give up hope; trust Him. Isaiah 55:8-9 says:

“8 For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord. 9 For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.”

*PRAYER POINT*
When you have done everything right on your end and God is silent, He is most likely preparing something bigger for you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 August 2023 HYMN 5: BLESSED ASSURANCE

1 Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine
Heir of salvation, purchase of God
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood

Chorus:
This is my story, this is my song
Praising my Saviour all the day long
This is my story, this is my song
Praising my Saviour all the day long

2 Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight,
Angel descending, bring from above
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

3 Perfect submission, all is at rest
I in my Savior am happy and blessed
Watching and waiting, looking above
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 25-27
