*Open Heaven 11 December 2023 TOPIC: Embrace His Word Completely*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.” – Matthew 15:9 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 15:7-9 (KJV)

7 Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,

8 This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.

9 But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.

*MESSAGE*
Occasionally, particularly when I find myself amongst top academicians and theologians, they like to tell me that you can believe whatever is in the New Testament, but the Old Testament should not be believed. This is because anytime they find something in the Old Testament that is not convenient for them, they want to brush it aside. Malachi 3:10 for example that talks about tithing is ignored by such people. They ignore Proverbs 3:9-10 too. Then I ask them, what about Isaiah 54:17 which says no weapon fashioned against you shall prosper? What about “The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want” in Psalm 23:1? What about Deuteronomy 28:13 that says you shall be head and not the tail, you shall be above only and not beneath? I encourage you to know that every Scripture is written by the Holy Spirit and every bit of it must be embraced.

Aside from Scripture, there are people who do something and say, “God will understand”. The Bible does not say anywhere that God understands sin, but rather that He hates it. Psalm 5:4 is very clear about this:

For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee.

If you call yourself a Christian, you have to stay away from sin. (2 Timothy 2:19) says:

Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.

If you are lukewarm, God pushes you out of Himself forcefully and if you are away from God, then you are with the devil. He says in Revelation 3:16, “So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.”

Don’t be lukewarm. If you jettison holiness during tough times, then you are not a child of God.

*PRAYER POINT*
Your claim to Christianity is not genuine if you live holy only when it is convenient for you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 December 2023 HYMN 23 – Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in endless praise,
Let them flow in endless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will and make it Thine,
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Colossians 1-4
