*Open Heaven 11 January 2024 TOPIC: It Shall Be Well 3*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.” – John 14:13 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 14:13-14 (KJV)

13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.

14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.

*MESSAGE*
Over the past two days, I discussed the need for you to live righteously and make a habit of praising God if you want it to be well with you this new year. Today, I will look at prayer as one more spiritual activity that you must take very seriously in this new year so that it can be well with you.

It is obvious that things are getting tougher as we approach the end time. The consolation, however, is the Lord’s assurance in Joel 2:32, where He says, ” And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered…”

In the book of Judges, the Bible says that the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord, and consequently, the Midianites terrorised them for seven years (Judges 6:1-2). However, when the children of Israel came to the realisation that it was the Lord that was punishing them because of their sins, they cried to Him in prayers. The Lord answered and delivered them from their troubles just as He will answer you today, in Jesus’ name.

If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land. – 2 Chronicles 7:14

Beloved, for it to be well with you in this new year, you must repair your altar of prayer and be ready to pray earnestly to the Lord. Jesus promised all His followers who believe in Him that if they should ask anything in His name, He will do it (John 14:14).

What then are you waiting for? Pray to God now and continue to pray to Him until He causes a complete turnaround in every negative situation you might be experiencing. The Lord is ready to answer the prayers of His children this year if only they can pray. It shall be well with you as you spend quality time praying to God this year, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, let it be well with me this year, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 January 2024 HYMN 22 – Sweet Hour Of Prayer! Sweet Hour Of Prayer!

1 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
that calls me from a world of care,
and bids me at my Father’s throne
make all my wants and wishes known.
In seasons of distress and grief,
my soul has often found relief,
and oft escaped the tempter’s snare
by thy return, sweet hour of prayer!

2 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
the joys I feel, the bliss I share
of those whose anxious spirits burn
with strong desires for thy return!
With such I hasten to the place
where God my Savior shows his face,
and gladly take my station there,
and wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer!

3 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
thy wings shall my petition bear
to him whose truth and faithfulness
engage the waiting soul to bless.
And since he bids me seek his face,
believe his word, and trust his grace,
I’ll cast on him my every care,
and wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Genesis 36-38
