*Open Heaven 11 November 2023 TOPIC: Becoming God’s Favourite*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.” – Psalm 42:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 42:1-2 (KJV)

1 As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.

2 My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?

*MESSAGE*
Parents usually love their children, but oftentimes, they would have favourites even among them. They may try not to make it obvious, but they know who their favourite is. In the same way, there are favorites in the family of God. These are people who please God in every way they can. One of the major life ambitions of God’s favourites is to become very intimate with Him.

Whether you become a favorite of God or not is up to you; it is a matter of what you choose to love or hate. In 1 Corinthians 9:24-27, Paul said that in a race, there are many people running, but only one winner would emerge. The Lord wants you to be the winner. I don’t know about you, but I want to be at the forefront of this race. I used to be a runner when I was a little younger and our coach would always tell us to make sure we came first. To be number one, you must be willing to pay the price (Philippians 3:7-14). The prize you receive at the end of this race is determined by how willing you are to put your body under now.

When it comes to being intimate with God, it is more about what you do in private than in public. In Genesis 39:1-9, when Joseph was faced with tremendous pressure from his master’s wife to commit adultery, he ran away. He was very committed to honoring God, even in private. By the time you read Genesis 50:15-21, you see that his brothers came to bow before him. Those who want to be intimate with God don’t go after public approval and public image; they simply do what God loves, notwithstanding what the public thinks about it.

In Daniel 1:3-8, Daniel and his friends decided not to defile themselves with the king’s meat, contrary to public opinion. They must have looked crazy or like fanatics to some people, but they didn’t mind. As long as they were not defiling their bodies and God was happy with them, they were satisfied. In return, God made them the rulers of all the people when the time came. If you are not willing to count as loss, those things that should have been gain so that you can win Christ, you are not willing to become intimate with God.

*PRAYER POINT*
Considering your priorities, can you sincerely say that God sees you as one of His favourites?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 November 2023 HYMN 12 – Onward, Christian Soldiers!

1 Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!
Christ, the Royal Master, leads against the foe;
Forward into battle, see His banner go!

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!

2 At the name of Jesus, Satan’s host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers, on to victory!
Hell’s foundations quiver, at the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices, loud your anthem raise!

3 Like a mighty army, moves the Church of God;
Brothers, we are treading, where the saints have trod;
We are not divided, all one body we,
One in hope and doctrine, one in charity.

4 Crowns and thrones may perish, kingdom’s rise and wane;
But the Church of Jesus, constant will remain:
Gates of hell can never ‘gainst that church prevail;
We have Christ’s own promise, and that cannot fail.

5 Onward then, ye people, join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices, in the triumph song:
Glory, praise and honour, unto Christ the King;
This, through countless ages, men and angels sing.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Acts 1-2
