*Open Heaven 11 October 2023 TOPIC: The Way Upward 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:” – Ephesians 2:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 14:1-6 (KJV)

1 Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.

2 In my Father’s house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.

3 And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.

4 And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.

5 Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?

6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.

*MESSAGE*
In today’s Bible reading, Jesus promised to come and take us to be with Him where He is. The question now is, “Where is He?” The disciples saw Him when He was ascending, so we can see from their account where He went in Acts 1:9-10: “And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel”.

Clearly, Jesus ascended to heaven. Now, He said in John 14:6 that no one can get to the Father in heaven except through Him. This is very clear. Many people say there are many ways to heaven; that is a lie. Jesus is the one and only way to heaven. No religion or belief outside of Jesus Christ can get you to heaven.

Now, who are those whom Jesus Christ will take upwards to heaven when they leave this world? Ephesians 5:27 tells us: “That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.” The only people whom Jesus will take to heaven to be with Him are those who are without spot or wrinkle. If you are unholy, when you leave this earth, Jesus will not take you upward with Him to Heaven, and the other option is to go to hell.

There are many people who call the name of Christ now, but when they shut their eyes here on earth, they will wake up in hell. Your attendance in Church is not a guarantee of your entry into heaven; the fact that you are a zealous worker or even a Pastor does not mean that you will go to heaven. Only an intimate relationship with Jesus – The Way upward, can guarantee your entrance into heaven. Eternity is not something to play games with. Some will be spending eternity in heaven with Jesus and His angels, enjoying forever, while others will be spending eternity in the lake of fire with the devil and his demons, suffering forever. It is time to stop the pretence and truly surrender to Jesus. It is time to put religion aside and have a real relationship with Jesus Christ. It is time to stop being a Christian only on Sundays; let your lifestyle always reflect Jesus. It is time to be on the way to heaven, in all sincerity of heart.

*PRAYER POINT*
If you were to die today, where would you go – Heaven or hell?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 October 2023 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Saviour, Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me, at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit
Would I seek Thy face
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou, the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me.
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav’n but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Matthew 25-26
