*Open Heaven 11 September 2023 TOPIC: The Works Of Grace 6*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.” – Matthew 7:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Galatians 5:22-25 (KJV)

22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

24 And they that are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.

25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.

*MESSAGE*
As we continue with our lessons on the works of grace, we will study a manifestation of the Holy Spirit in believers called ‘the fruit of the Holy Spirit’. If a Christian has gifts of the Holy Spirit but does not have the fruit of the Holy Spirit listed in our Bible reading of today, such a person is headed for destruction. An example of this is when a believer becomes proud because God performs miracles through him or her. Matthew 7:22-23 says: “Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity”. They had the gifts of prophecy and working of miracles, but God didn’t even know them. That is because though the gift was present in their lives, the fruit was absent. This is why you must never be satisfied with just having the gifts of the Holy Spirit. The fruit is more important than the gift, so you must ensure that you experience this important work of grace.

According to Galatians 5:22-23, the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness and temperance. While you may already be working miracles, God is asking you to move higher. You may be performing miracles, yet are difficult to live with; you might get the gifts and still end up in hell. What will it profit you if you are a powerful evangelist but get left behind when the rapture takes place? Of what use is your anointing if you will end up in the same place as the devil? Anointing is good and I love it, but I don’t want to be anointed and then become a candidate of hell; God forbid. Jesus Christ said if you want to know those who will go to heaven, look out for the fruit of the Holy Spirit in them, not the gifts.

Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. – Matthew 7:20-21

Don’t be deceived by the anointing of God already at work in your life. If you don’t manifest the fruit of the Spirit, you will not enter the Kingdom of heaven.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please let me begin to bear the fruit of the Holy Spirit from today, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 11 September 2023 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

2 But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

3 Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Daniel 4-5
