*Open Heaven 12 August 2023 TOPIC: The Whisper Of God*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And after the earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.” – 1 Kings 19:12 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Kings 19:9-14 (KJV)

9 And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the Lord came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, Elijah?

10 And he said, I have been very jealous for the Lord God of hosts: for the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.

11 And he said, Go forth, and stand upon the mount before the Lord. And, behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the Lord was not in the earthquake:

12 And after the earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.

13 And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, Elijah?

14 And he said, I have been very jealous for the Lord God of hosts: because the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.

*MESSAGE*
In John 13:21-30, during the Last Supper, Jesus said someone was going to betray Him and Peter made John the Beloved ask Jesus who the person was. John asked and Jesus responded in a whisper that only John could hear.

In one of our Holy Ghost Services, God said, “All my sheep hear my voice, but very few hear my whisper”. There is a difference between when God speaks and when He whispers. When you hear God’s whisper, you will be several steps ahead of your colleagues. You will become number one in whatever you have set out to do. I pray that you will begin to hear God’s whisper from today, in Jesus’ name.

To hear God’s whisper, you must be closer to Him than everyone else. Before John heard Jesus’ whisper, the Bible tells us in John 13:25 the position he took: “He then lying on Jesus’ breast saith unto him, who is it?”

You cannot be closer to a person than the fellow lying on his or her chest. That is the position that you must take. You must get so close to God that you can practically hear His heartbeat. Only a few people are as close to God as this and you will see that they are addicted soul-winners because God’s heart beats for the souls of men.

The good thing is that God is willing to bring you very close to Him. He said in James 4:8:

Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hand, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.

The question however is, are you willing to draw near to Him and if so, how closely? Every time you sin, a distance is created between you and God (Isaiah 59:1-2, Psalm 66:18). The first thing you therefore need to do to get close enough to God to hear a his whisper is to be holy. Once you are holy, God will begin to tell you things that are for your ears only. Do you want to hear God’s whispers and become a custodian of divine secret Service?

Draw closer to Him in holiness, soul-wining, and fellowship today.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please let me begin to hear your whispers from today, in Jesus name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 12 August 2023 HYMN 30: When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord
in the light of his word,
what a glory he sheds on our way!
While we do his good will,
he abides with us still,
and with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey, for there’s no other way
to be happy in Jesus, but to trust and obey.

2 Not a burden we bear,
not a sorrow we share,
but our toil he doth richly repay;
not a grief or a loss,
not a frown or a cross,
but is blest if we trust and obey.

3 But we never can prove
the delights of his love
until all on the altar we lay;
for the favor he shows,
for the joy he bestows,
are for them who will trust and obey.

4 Then in fellowship sweet
we will sit at his feet,
or we’ll walk by his side in the way;
what he says we will do,
where he sends we will go;
never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 28-30
