*Open Heaven 12 December 2023 TOPIC: Two Types Of Salvation*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:” – Romans 9:27 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 22:8-14 (KJV)

8 Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.

9 Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.

10 So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.

11 And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:

12 And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.

13 Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

14 For many are called, but few are chosen.

*MESSAGE*
Jesus said clearly in Matthew 7:21 that not all who call Him ‘Lord’ will enter into the Kingdom of God. This implies that not everyone who is dancing and praising God in Church will go to heaven. Anyone who is a child of God is regarded as an Israelite, but then our memory verse today says that though there will be many who will become born again, only a remnant amongst them will be saved on the last day.

Not every Prophet, Pastor or evangelist will make it to heaven. Don’t think that every man who says he is a man of God will make it to heaven. Thus, when you hear of certain men of God doing some ungodly things, don’t let it surprise you; some of them are not on the narrow path to heaven at all.

There are two categories of Salvation. There is instant salvation, the kind that happens when people answer the altar call (Romans 10:13) and then there is the ultimate salvation, which happens when you endure to the end as seen in Matthew 10:22:

And ye shall be hated of all men for my name’s sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.

The fact that you are standing now is great, but you must stand until the end to be saved. Some people teach that once you are saved, you are saved forever; that you can be saved and then live like a child of the devil and you would still make it to heaven. That is the devil’s lie. You must guard your salvation jealously as shown in Philippians 2:12:

Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.

The devil will do everything within his power to take you back to himself. Don’t think that because you have done many great things for God, you now have a sure ticket to heaven. You must remain standing until the end if you would make it to heaven.

*PRAYER POINT*
You must remain standing until the end if you would make it to heaven.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 12 December 2023 HYMN 21 – Standing On The Promises Of Christ My King

1 Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Through eternal ages let His praises ring;
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Refrain:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Savior
Standing, standing,
I’m standing on the promises of God.

2 Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

3 Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love’s strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit’s sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

4 Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List’ning ev’ry moment to the Spirit’s call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Thessalonians 1-5
