*Open Heaven 12 February 2024 TOPIC: When God Carries You*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old.” – Isaiah 63:9 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Mark 10:13-16 (KJV)

13 And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.

14 But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.

15 Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.

16 And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them.

*MESSAGE*
In our Bible reading for today, they brought children to Jesus, and as He carried them, He also blessed them. When God carries a person, He also blesses the fellow as we see in Mark 10:16.

When you read the account of the Israelites leaving Egypt, you will see clearly that all the forces in heaven, on earth, and underneath the earth were working together to favour them. This is what happens when God carries you; you become blessed by Him.

Exodus 19:4 says:Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles’ wings, and brought you unto myself.

Some people don’t know the real meaning of ‘God bless you.’ After you have said, “God bless you,” they still say, “Pray for me.” Being blessed by God is a summon to all the forces in heaven, on earth, and underneath the earth to assist you to succeed – that is the meaning of ‘God bless you.’ Believe it or not, even demons will be summoned to assist you when God is carrying you.

A few years ago, I was in an African nation for a programme. As we were heading to the venue of the crusade, we encountered a serious traffic jam. Even though we got a Police escort to help clear the traffic on the way to the venue, we were still stuck as nobody was obeying the Police escort. All of a sudden, a madman came to the front of the car we were in and began to clear the way. The man was so mad that if you looked into his eyes, you could see devils dancing in them. He cleared the way until we got to the end of the traffic jam. When the road was free, he came to the side of the car I was sitting in and bowed. When God carries you, everything will work together in your favour.

If you want God to carry you, you must become like a child. In our Bible reading for today, there were many adults around, but the only ones Jesus carried were the children. If you are not like a child, you will be too heavy for Him to carry. This means that you must be humble, obey His word, not hold grudges, and have faith in Him like a child that believes whatever his father tells him.

*PRAYER POINT*
God will only carry children. You must become a child in His hands, then He will carry you and bless you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 12 February 2024 HYMN 17 – Praise My Soul, The King Of Heaven

1 Praise, my soul, the King of heaven;
to his feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
evermore his praises sing.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

2 Praise him for his grace and favor
to his people in distress.
Praise him, still the same as ever,
slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Glorious in his faithfulness!

3 Fatherlike he tends and spares us;
well our feeble frame he knows.
In his hand he gently bears us,
rescues us from all our foes.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Widely yet his mercy flows!

4 Angels, help us to adore him;
you behold him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before him,
dwellers all in time and space.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Numbers 11-13
