*Open Heaven 12 March 2024 TOPIC: The Fire Of God*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the Lord descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.” – Exodus 19:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 2:3-4 (KJV)

3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.

4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.

*MESSAGE*
In Judges 15:14-15, the Bible tells us that when they brought Samson to the Philistines, as soon as they began to rejoice, the Spirit of God came in the form of an invisible fire, causing the ropes that bound him to be burned off. Because the fire came on him, he took the jawbone of an ass, and it became a weapon of mass destruction in his hands.

When you are anointed, everything you touch comes into contact with the anointing. Mark 5:25-29 tells us of healing through the Lord’s garment. Acts 5:14-16 tells us that even Peter’s shadow was healing the sick. Acts 19:11-12 tells us that Paul’s handkerchiefs and aprons were healing the sick.

You need the fire of God, and you can get it today. God’s fire is available because, in Matthew 3:11, the promise is that Jesus Christ will baptise you with the Holy Spirit and with fire. If you get the fire of God, your life will be transformed for good. With the fire of God on you, you can heal incurable diseases and win souls to the kingdom more easily than ever before.

You don’t only need the fire of God to heal the sick, you also need it against the enemy. Judges 14:5-6 tells us that Samson was going to Timnath when, all of a sudden, a lion roared at him. The fire of God came on him, and he tore the lion to pieces. You need the fire in case the enemy roars, then you can tell him, “I am more than ready for you.” As you grow in the Lord, there is bound to be resistance from the enemy, and you will need the fire of God to uproot obstacles to the work of the Lord.

John 4:48 says that some people will not believe the word of God unless they see signs and wonders. These signs and wonders can only happen when you have been baptised with the fire of God. I have been privileged to win many great and influential people to Christ because of the mighty miracles they saw God performing through me.

I am going to ask you to cry to God to be baptised with the heavenly fire today so that your life will be filled with signs and wonders. Working for God and bearing abiding fruits for the kingdom will become even easier.

*PRAYER POINT*
For at least one hour today, cry to God for the baptism of fire. Beyond today, make this one of your major prayer points daily.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 12 March 2024 HYMN 1 – All Hail The Power Of Jesus Name

1 All hail the pow’r of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostrate fall,
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him,
crown Him, crown Him;
And crown Him Lord of all!

2 Ye chosen seed of Israel’s race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,

3 Sinners, whose love can ne’er forget
The wormwood and the gall,
The wormwood and the gall,
Go, spread your trophies at His feet,

4 Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,

5 O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
We at His feet may fall!
We’ll join the everlasting song,

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 1-3
