*Open Heaven 13 December 2023 TOPIC: Dangers Of Fame*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Then he said, I have sinned: yet honour me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God.” – 1 Samuel 15:30 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Samuel 15:24-30 (KJV)

24 And Saul said unto Samuel, I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice.

25 Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the Lord.

26 And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, and the Lord hath rejected thee from being king over Israel.

27 And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle, and it rent.

28 And Samuel said unto him, The Lord hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou.

29 And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.

30 Then he said, I have sinned: yet honour me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God.

*MESSAGE*
Fame is something that many people pursue without actually knowing just how dangerous it is. Once you are in the limelight, you have to become extra careful. You have to watch your every move because people are looking at you. Sometimes when we go for an event and I am to sit at the high table, my driver will say, “You sit at the high table and we will sit where we can eat”. Those at the high table, though hungry, always act otherwise. Even if they eat at all, it would only be a little, with plenty of caution because all eyes are on them.

When you are famous, it is as if you are on the high table everyday of your life and believe me honestly, there is nothing like just being free to do whatever you want to do without anyone looking at you. When you are famous, you cannot even take a stroll outside or play in a public place like every other person.

One of the dangers of being famous is that people tend to forget that famous people are human beings too. I thank God that I have never been after fame so I show regularly that I am as human as anybody can be. I still occasionally buy roasted plantain by the roadside. These days it has become more difficult to do that because of the escort vehicles, but as often as I can, I still do, not minding who is looking at me. I am not after fame, so whatever anybody thinks is their own business.

When you are famous, people expect more from you than the average person and if care is not taken, you would not want to disappoint them. Don’t pursue fame; as exciting as it may seem, it comes with a lot of problems. Fame may come as you fulfil your assignment on earth, but it should not be your goal.

Those who chase after people knowing and liking them all the time are likely to get into trouble. In our Bible reading today, King Saul got into trouble with God because he wanted to look good in the eyes of the people.

The only fellow you should live to please is God.

*PRAYER POINT*
Pursuing fame will land you in trouble.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 13 December 2023 HYMN 3 – Ancient Words

1 Holy words long preserved,
For our walk in this world,
They resound with God’s own heart;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

Refrain:
Ancient words, ever true,
Changing me and changing you,
We have come with open hearts;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

2 Words of life, words of hope,
Give us strength, help us cope,
In this world, where e’er we roam;
Ancient words will guide us home.

3 Holy words of our faith,
Handed down to this age,
Came to us through sacrifice;
Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ.

4 Holy words long preserved,
For our walk in this world,
They resound with God’s own heart;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Thessalonians 1-3
