*Open Heaven 13 February 2024 TOPIC: When God Beckons On You*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “That the Lord called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.” – 1 Samuel 3:4 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 11:28-30 (KJV)

28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light..

*MESSAGE*
From today’s Bible reading, we see that when God beckons on you, it is an invitation to rest.

There is a difference between hard labour and other types of work. God expects you to work. (2 Thessalonians 3:10) says that if you don’t work, you are not to eat. However, labourers, especially those who labour at menial jobs work from sunrise to sundown. At the end of the day, they earn just enough money to keep body and soul together. I decree that you will no longer struggle before you eat, in Jesus’ name.

One of the reasons you are reading this now is because God beckoned on you. When He beckons, He is saying, “Destiny is calling you.” In Exodus 3:1-10, Moses was at the backside of the desert when he suddenly saw a bush that was burning but was not consumed. He said, “I will turn aside and see.” That was a beckoning, and by the time He responded, God told him that his days of staying in the wilderness were over, and it was now time to fulfil his destiny. In Mark 3:13-15, Jesus went to the top of a mountain and beckoned to those He desired and they came unto Him. Those people (except Judas Iscariot) later became the Apostles we know today.

The first thing you are to do when He beckons is to take up His yoke, in other words, make His desire your concern, and pursue the things He pursues. When you think of the greatest thing that God pursues, it is souls. If you really want to fulfil your destiny, you will take up the yoke of winning souls, and you will begin to see how He arranges things for you to fulfil your destiny.

My major pursuit was to become the youngest Vice Chancellor in Africa, but God beckoned on me, and I took up His yoke of winning souls. That is how I got to fulfil my destiny and now Vice Chancellors call me Daddy. You have no idea what your true destiny is until you start winning souls and doing the work of God.

Just in case you think soul winning is only for evangelists and pastors, please study Matthew 28:19-20 carefully. All followers of Jesus Christ are commissioned to make disciples of all the nations, and this includes you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, like David, let the zeal of Your house consume me so I can fulfil my destiny.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 13 February 2024 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Savior,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit,
Would I seek Thy face;
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me;
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heaven but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Numbers 14-15
