*Open Heaven 13 July 2023 TOPIC: Caring For The Needy*

*MEMORISE:*
“As we have therefore opportunity, let us do  unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.” – Galatians 6:10 (KJV)

*READ: Matthew 25:34-40 (KJV)*
34 Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:

35 For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:

36 Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.

37 Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?

38 When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?

39 Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?

40 And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Song Of Solomon 1-4*

*MESSAGE:*
It is a fact that every human being, no matter how intelligent or highly placed, would at one time or the other require assistance to deal with some circumstances. Such a situation that renders a person of great means incapacitated is usually the type that money, authority and influence cannot resolve. At such times, the person is left with the option of calling for divine intervention through desperate prayers to the Almighty God. I pray that as you call on the name of the Lord in the day of trouble, He will answer you by fire, in Jesus’ name.

If you want your prayers to be answered however, you have a responsibility to the poor and needy around you. Our memory verse for today says as we have opportunity, we should be a blessing to all human beings, especially those of the household of faith. Anyone who heartlessly disregards the needs of the weak and helpless is wicked. Such will be ignored in the day of trouble, no matter how desperately they cry for help (Proverb 21:13).

The point of today’s devotional is that we have a responsibility to care for the needy around us. When was the last time you helped the needy around you? When was the last time you made sacrifices in order to meet the needs of other people? Remember, the Bible cited the care for others as one of the conditions for making heaven as we saw in our Bible reading today. Our Lord Jesus described how His followers who feed the hungry, are hospitable to strangers, clothe the naked, care for the sick, and visit prisoners will be blessed by God and granted eternal life. He went further to say that in as much as these good deeds are done to any of His brethren, it is considered that the acts were done to Him directly and vice versa.

All believers and the Church as a whole must not leave the poor and needy at the mercy of the government. The Body of Christ must not fail in our responsibility to care for the less privileged among us. Remember, if you know how to do good but do not do it, it would be counted unto you as a sin (James 4:20).

*ACTION POINT:*
Join me to praise the Lord as my wife – a woman completely given to the care of the needy – marks her birthday today.

*Open Heaven 13 July 2023 HYMN 4: Be Glad In The Lord And Rejoice*
1 Be glad in the Lord and rejoice,All ye that are upright in heart;And ye that have made Him your choice,Bid sadness and sorrow depart.

2 Be joyful, for He is the Lord,On earth and in heaven supreme;He fashions and rules by His word;The Mighty and strong to redeem.

3 What though in the conflict for right,Your enemies almost prevail,God’s armies, just hid from your sight,Are more than the foes which assail.

4 Though darkness surround you by day,Your sky by the night be o’ercast,Let nothing your spirit dismay,But trust till the danger is past.

5 Be glad in the Lord and rejoice,His praises proclaiming in song;With harp and with organ and voice,The loud hallelujahs prolong!
