*Open Heaven 13 January 2024 TOPIC: It Shall Be Well (5)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.” – Philippians 4:19 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Corinthians 9:8-11 (KJV)

8 And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:

9 (As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever.

10 Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)

11 Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.

*MESSAGE*
Today, I will continue to discuss God’s prophetic message to His children through His word in Isaiah 3:10 that says, “Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.” It is God’s will that it should be well with you in all areas of your life, and this includes your finances. Unfortunately, many people still live in poverty because they have not surrendered all to God, Who is the only source of true prosperity that has no sorrow in it (Proverbs 10:22).

The Bible makes us understand that man became poor as a result of sin:And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread… – Genesis 3:17-19.

Thankfully, Jesus Christ came to redeem mankind from sin and all its consequences, including poverty. The Bible says that Jesus became poor so that we may, through His poverty, become rich (2 Corinthians 8:9). When a person surrenders his or her life to Jesus Christ, He will redeem that fellow from poverty and make him or her a partaker of the immeasurable riches of the Most High God.

My God is Jehovah Jireh (Genesis 22:13-14), meaning He is the Lord that provides. He is also El-Shaddai (Genesis 17:1, 35:11), meaning, He is the Almighty and All-sufficient One. He has immeasurable riches in His treasury. He declared that silver is His and gold belongs to Him (Haggai 2:8). He also said, “For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills.” (Psalm 50:10). God’s original intention was for man to partake of and control His immeasurable riches, especially on the earth (Genesis 1:26-30).

Beloved, if you are not truly born again, surrender your life to Christ now, and He will become your provider. He will release the access to riches without sorrow to you and will give you the power to get wealth (Deuteronomy 8:18). It shall be well with your finances this year and beyond, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Jesus Christ redeems us from all the consequences of sin, including poverty.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 13 January 2024 HYMN 27 – What A Friend We Have In Jesus

1 What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Everything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit,
O what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Everything to God in prayer!

2 Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged,
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness,
Take it to the Lord in prayer.

3 Are we weak and heavy-laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge—
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He’ll take and shield thee,
Thou wilt find a solace there

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Genesis 42-43
