*Open Heaven 13 March 2024 TOPIC: With Greatness Comes Sacrifice*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.” – 1 Corinthians 15:10 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Proverbs 13:1-4 (KJV)

1 A wise son heareth his father’s instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.

2 A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence.

3 He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction.

4 The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.

*MESSAGE*
My Father in the Lord came to visit me in my little house in Ilesha in 1975. We prayed that night, and everyone went to bed – at least that was what I thought. When I went to the toilet at the backyard before I slept around 10pm, I saw my Father in the Lord praying. Around 5am, I went to the toilet again, and he was still on his knees praying. Later that morning, I asked him if there was any problem as I thought praying overnight meant there was a serious problem at hand. He smiled and said, “There is no problem. Don’t worry; you will understand soon.” I was shocked to know that there was no problem, yet he prayed all night. I also knew that God had told me to emulate Him.

One pastor came to me years ago and said, “When we started this journey together, we were on the same level. Now you are far ahead of us. Tell us the secret.” I said, “There is nothing I am doing that you don’t know; I fast, pray and keep vigils. If you want to be as I am, do the same.” Another man of God from another ministry was praying, “God, give me ten per cent of what you gave Pastor Adeboye; I will be satisfied.” God told him, “Do what Pastor Adeboye is doing, and I will give you what I gave him.” He asked God, “What is he doing?” God said, “He started with 40 days of fasting and prayers.” He said, “God, I think I am okay the way I am.” Only those that are willing to make sacrifices will be great. You cannot be great by loading your body with food and your mind with entertainment – those things only give surface and temporary benefits. Someone with financial issues can watch a funny movie and laugh, such that people will call him a happy man, but after the movie is over, he will go back to face his problems. The benefits of a life without sacrifice are temporary. Don’t be deceived by temporary pleasures; pay the price to fulfil your destiny and achieve greatness.

The taller a building will be, the deeper its builders must dig before laying its foundation. The things that will take you very high in life are mostly things done in private. The way you pray, fast, study, work, etc., in private will determine how great you will become.

*PRAYER POINT*
Pay the price and you will get the prize of greatness.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 13 March 2024 HYMN 23 – Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice, and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips, and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will, and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine.
Take my heart; it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love; my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure-store.
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 4-5
