*Open Heaven 14 December 2023 TOPIC: God Has Favourites*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.” – Romans 9:13 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Romans 9:10-16 (KJV)

10 And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;

11 (For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)

12 It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.

13 As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.

14 What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.

15 For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.

16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.

*MESSAGE*
When you look at the Apostles of the Lord, you will see that there were twelve of them, but there were three in the inner circle and there was one who was called ‘The Beloved’. The three in the inner circle were the favourites of Jesus Christ and He took them with Him everywhere He went. When He was going to Jairus’ house, He had all the twelve disciples with Him, but it was only those three who He took into the room (Mark 5:35-42). Peter, James and John saw His power; they saw Him raise the little girl from death while the others only heard about it. Jesus revealed the identity of the disciple who would betray Him because John whom He loved specially asked Him (John 13:23-26).

Why did the Lord have a special inner circle amongst His disciples and why did He love one of them specially? Well, the simple answer is that God has favourites.

Many people say that God has no favorites. This is not true. The question you should be asking therefore is, “How do I become one of His favourites?” When you read Romans 9:11-16, the Bible says a woman was pregnant with a set of twins. Before they were born, God said the elder would serve the younger, that He loved one and hated the other, even when they were not yet born. He said He would have mercy on whom He will have mercy and compassion on whom He would have compassion. He said it is not of him that wills a thing or of him that runs, but of the Lord who shows mercy.

In Acts 10:34-35, the Bible says:

Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons: But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.

This passage makes me see clearly that God looks out for certain things in people before He makes them His favourites. I took a close look at Peter, James and John – Jesus’ inner circle. Peter and John especially, because it wasn’t long after Jesus’ ascension that James was killed.

I will share what I learnt from these two with you in the next two days.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, even if You will only pick one person as Your favourite, please let it be me.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 14 December 2023 HYMN 6 – I Am So Glad That Our Father In Heaven

1 I am so glad that our Father in heaven
Tell of His love in the book He has given;
Wonderful things in the Bible I see;
This is the dearest, that Jesus loves me.

Refrain:
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me,
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves even me.

2 Jesus loves me and I know I love Him;
Love brought Him down my lost soul to redeem;
Yes, it was love made Him die on the tree:
Oh, I am certain that Jesus love me.

3 In this assurance I find sweetest rest,
Trusting in Jesus I know I am blessed;
Satan, dismayed from my soul doth now flee,
When I just tell him that Jesus loves me.

4 Oh, if there’s only one song I can sing,
When in His beauty I see the great King,
This shall my song in eternity be,
“Oh, what a wonder that Jesus loves me!”

5 If one should ask of me, how can I tell?
Glory to Jesus, I know very well!
God’s Holy Spirit with mine doth agree,
Constantly witnessing Jesus loves me.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Timothy 1-6
