*Open Heaven 14 January 2024 TOPIC: It Shall Be Well (6)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.” – John 5:14 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 5:1-14 (KJV)

1 After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.

2 Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.

3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.

4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.

5 And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.

6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?

7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.

8 Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.

9 And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.

10 The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.

11 He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.

12 Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?

13 And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.

14 Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.

*MESSAGE*
In continuation of the discussion about God’s declaration that it shall be well with the righteous (Isaiah 3:10), it is important to note that the state of a person’s health is another indicator of the fellow’s wellness. An individual that is always in and out of the hospital because of health challenges cannot say that it is truly well with him or her. I declare in the mighty name of Jesus that from today onward, you will begin to live in sound health.

The story in our Bible reading for today reveals the healing power of our Lord Jesus Christ and also shows that sin can be a source for sickness. This is the reason the Holy Spirit through the writer of Acts 10:38 said:

How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.

For you to live a sickness-free life in this new year, you must desist from any sin that might exist in your life. Confess them to God, ask for His forgiveness, and genuinely repent from them. If you do not genuinely repent of any sin that exists in your life, you are setting yourself up for great torment by the devil, as Jesus told the sick fellow in our memory verse for today.

Jesus gave a parable about putting new wine into old wine bottles in Luke 5:36-38. You cannot receive a miracle from God and remain in a sinful state; it is like putting new wine in an old wine bottle. As Jesus warned in His parable, such a person will surely be destroyed.

In our Bible reading today, Jesus pronounced healing on the sick fellow and, after a while, upon seeing him again, gave him a warning that he should not commit sin again. A lesson here for us to learn is that it is not enough for a fellow to receive his or her healing or any other miracle and go about committing sin afterwards. Such a fellow will definitely lose the healing or miracle. As I have pronounced healing and sound health upon you today, may the Lord keep you away from sin so that you will not lose your miracles to it, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Sin exposes someone to the demons of infirmity. Repent and be healed, live holy that you may not lose your healing and miracles.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 14 January 2024 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Savior,
Hear my humble cry,
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Savior, Savior,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me at a throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit,
Would I seek Thy face;
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou the Spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me,
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav’n but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Genesis 44-46
