*Open Heaven 14 July 2023 TOPIC: The Role Of The Holy Spirit 1*

*MEMORISE:*
“Howbeit when he, the  of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.” – John 16:13 (KJV)

*READ: John 16:7-14 (KJV)*
7 Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.

8 And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:

9 Of sin, because they believe not on me;

10 Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;

11 Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.

12 I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.

13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.

14 He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Song Of Solomon 5-8*

*MESSAGE:*
For the next three days, we shall be looking at the role of the Holy Spirit in the life of believers. Today we will consider His role as a Witness to Jesus Christ our Redeemer.

A very important role of the Holy Spirit is the conviction of sin, as we saw in today’s Bible text. It reads in part:

And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment. – John 16:8

Unfortunately, many people choose to be just spectators and merely watch the Holy Spirit in action – doing what only He can do, but are never partakers of it. Such people seldom allow the Holy Spirit to play His primary role of bringing them to repentance as they refuse to be remorseful for their sins. When people refuse to be convicted of their sins, they demonstrate a lack of faith in God’s word, which says all have sinned and fallen short of God’s glory (Romans 3:23). Such people rationalize sin and call it all sorts of nice names. This is why the Bible encourages us to confess our sins, even to one another, that we may be healed (James 5:16).

The first thing Jesus takes care of in the life of whoever He wants to heal is the issue of sin, according to Mark 2:5-12. Even after Jesus had healed an individual and found him in the temple some days later, His admonition was “…sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee” (John 5:14).

Beloved, if you have not yet confessed and forsaken your sins, allow the Holy Spirit to convict you of them. Begin to pay close attention to the details of God’s requirements for holy living and you would see the Holy Spirit transforming your life far beyond all expectations.

*PRAYER POINT:*
Father, please empower me to live holy, in Jesus’ name.

*Open Heaven 14 July 2023 HYMN 14: O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day*
1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,Day I will never forget;After I’d wandered in darkness away,Jesus my Saviour I met.O what a tender, compassionate friendHe met the need of my heart;Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,He made all the darkness depart!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from aboveInto God’s family divine,Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,O what a standing is mine!And the transaction so quickly was madeWhen as a sinner I came,Took of the offer of grace He did profferHe saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endureAfter the passing of time;I have a future in heaven for sure,There in those mansions sublime.And it’s because of that wonderful dayWhen at the cross I believed;Riches eternal and blessings supernalFrom His precious hand I received.
