*Open Heaven 14 March 2024 TOPIC: The Great Commission*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.” – Mark 16:15 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 18:19-20 (KJV)

19 Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.

20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.

*MESSAGE*
After Jesus’ resurrection, He showed Himself to His disciples. He did this for two major reasons. The first was for them to see Him and know that He wasn’t dead but alive (1 Corinthians 15:6). The second reason was to give them final instructions before leaving the earth. What instruction was so important that He had to give them before leaving? That instruction is in Mark 16:15-18.

Now that He had paid the ultimate sacrifice, Jesus said, “Go and tell everyone around the world that they don’t have to perish in hell. If they can just believe in Me, they will have power over sicknesses, demons, and poisons, and also end up in heaven rather than hell.” This is the instruction He gave to His disciples before He left. Are you one of His disciples? If your answer is ‘Yes’, have you been obeying this instruction? Have you been preaching the gospel to sinners?

How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher? – Romans 10:14

I want you to ponder on the Bible verse above and on the fact that many people will go to hell if no one tells them about the gospel. Ponder on the fact that some of your friends, neighbours, and colleagues may go to hell if you don’t tell them about Jesus Christ. A man had a dream where he saw an angel coming from hell with a letter for him. The angel said, “This letter is from somebody who said he knows you”. The fellow was his friend. In the letter, he wrote, “I am here because you didn’t tell me about the dangers of this place. In all the years we were together, you did not tell me I was heading for danger.” The man woke up, and as soon as it was daybreak, he went to his friend’s house to preach the gospel to him. When he knocked on the door, a fellow came to open it and said, “You have heard?” He responded, “Heard what?” The fellow replied, “Your friend passed away in the night.” This man could have saved his friend from eternal damnation. Give your friends and colleagues the opportunity to escape eternal damnation; tell them about Jesus Christ. Tell everyone you come in contact with about Jesus Christ.

*PRAYER POINT*
How will you feel if any of your friends went to hell because you did not tell them about Jesus Christ and the dangers of hell? Preach to them now!

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 14 March 2024 HYMN 20 – Stand Up! Stand Up For Jesus

1 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
Ye soldiers of the cross;
Lift high His royal banner,
It must not suffer loss:
From vict’ry unto vict’ry
His army shall He lead,
Till every foe is vanquished
And Christ is Lord indeed.

2 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict
In this His glorious day.
Ye that are men, now serve Him
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger.
And strength to strength oppose.

3 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you;
Ye dare not trust your own.
Put on the Gospel armor,
And, watching unto prayer,
Where duty calls, or danger,
Be never wanting there.

4 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
The strife will not be long:
This day the noise of battle,
The next the victor’s song;
To him that overcometh
A crown of life shall be;
He, with the King of glory,
Shall reign eternally.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 6-8
