*Open Heaven 14 October 2023 TOPIC: The City Without A Sun*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.” – Revelation 21:23 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Isaiah 60:17-21 (KJV)

17 For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones iron: I will also make thy officers peace, and thine exactors righteousness.

18 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise.

19 The sun shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee: but the Lord shall be unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God thy glory.

20 Thy sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the Lord shall be thine everlasting light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended.

21 Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.

*MESSAGE*
There is more to that glorious city I told you about yesterday. Apart from all the material and emotional benefits of being in that city, the weather there is perfect. There is neither extreme cold nor heat; everything is just perfect. In fact, all the heat you endure from our sun here is not there because there is no sun. The source of its light is glory, as seen in the memory verse of today.

Imagine a place where everything is perfect, including the weather. A city where everything is flawless. In this city, animals that we currently fear and refer to as wild animals will no longer be feared. Isaiah 11:6-8 says: “The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them. And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice’ den”.

This indeed, is one city that is worth sacrificing everything to get into. That is why Jesus said that it would be a great loss if a person were to gain the whole world and yet lose his soul (Mark 8:36). This is because everything in this world is of no value when compared to life in The City of God. Don’t let anything stop you from ending up in this city. You must be so desperate that if your hand would hinder you from entering the city, you should cut it off. If your eye would hinder you from entering the city, you should pluck it out (Matthew 18:9).

Beloved, stay completely away from sin so that you can end up in this glorious city. It is worth it to sacrifice everything you have today just to end up in this city. No amount of money, fame, power or material possession should stop you from making it to heaven. Nothing at all is worth sacrificing your opportunity to get into this glorious city where the Lord Himself is the light; nothing at all.

*PRAYER POINT*
Nothing is worth missing heaven for.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 14 October 2023 HYMN 14 – O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,
Day I will never forget;
After I’d wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart!

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory fill my soul,
When at the cross my Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away
And my night was tuned to day
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God’s family divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it’s because of that wonderful day
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Mark 4-5
