*Open Heaven 15 December 2023 TOPIC: Peter The Rock*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.” – Matthew 16:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 21:15-17 (KJV)

15 So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.

16 He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep.

17 He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.

*MESSAGE*
In my study of what it takes to become a favourite of God, I saw in Luke 5:1-11, where the Bible tells us that after Jesus paid Peter a visit and performed that miracle of a boat-sinking catch, Peter left all and followed Him. He didn’t sell the fish he caught that day. However, all the other disciples also left everything they had and followed Him (Matthew 19:27), so there must be something extra about Peter. I saw a bit of this in Mark 14:54 when Jesus was to be arrested and the disciples, fled. The Bible says Peter followed after the Lord. I know that he followed afar off, but at least he followed. Where were the others?

Peter always followed Jesus because there was a rope permanently tied to Him and the Lord – the rope of love. The love Peter had for Jesus was like a magnet drawing him closer to the Lord daily.

As soon as Peter recognised the Lord after His resurrection, he jumped into the sea to go and meet Jesus. He abandoned the great catch of fish that he had just gotten – again. Clearly, this shows that Peter was very much interested in the Lord, not what the Lord could give. He was interested in the Lord Himself. Those who become God’s favourites are people who are not after what God can give them but after God Himself. They just love God with all their hearts – whether He gives them anything or not. It is this selfless love that made God choose Peter as His spokesman.

In Acts 2:14-40, on the day of Pentecost, who preached? Peter. In Acts 3:1-8 at the Beautiful Gate, who spoke to the lame man? Peter. When God wanted to uproot Ananias and Sapphira – the first known pretenders in the Church, it was Peter He used. The Lord will not make you His favourite when He sees that your belly is actually your god and not Him (Philippians 3:19). Some people want to be able to command the devil, but he mocks them because he knows that they love the things of the world, so they are under his control, not the other way around.

*PRAYER POINT*
Do you really love God – regardless of what He can give you?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 15 December 2023 HYMN 11 – I’ve Found A Friend In Jesus

1 I’ve found a friend in Jesus, He’s everything to me,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole.
In sorrow He’s my comfort, in trouble He’s my stay,
He tells me every care on Him to roll: (Halleluyah)

Refrain:
He’s the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He’s the Fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

2 He all my griefs has taken, and all my sorrows borne;
In temptation He’s my strong and mighty tower;
I’ve all for Him forsaken, and all my idols torn,
From my heart, and now He keeps me by His power.
Though all the world forsake me, and satan tempt me sore,
Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal: (Halleluyah)

3 He’ll never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith, and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I’ve nothing now to fear;
With His manna, He my hungry soul shall fill.
Then sweeping up to glory, to see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll: (Halleluyah).

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 2 Timothy 1-4
