*Open Heaven 15 February 2024 TOPIC: Why God Chose You*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.” – Matthew 23:12 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Corinthians 1:26-29 (KJV)

26 For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:

27 But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;

28 And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:

29 That no flesh should glory in his presence.

*MESSAGE*
If God has called you for an assignment, you may be thinking, “Why is it me He chose out of everyone that could have done this work?” Well, Psalm 115:3 says that God does as He pleases.

Believe me, He made that decision to use you for that assignment from the foundation of the world. He chose you before He said, “Let there be light” in Genesis 1:3. Ephesians 1:4 says:

According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:

When I see people that are anxious about their future, I tell them, “Relax. Do you think God doesn’t know what to do? Do you think He is sitting in heaven, scratching His Almighty head and asking for advice on what next to do?” God settled your future before the foundation of the earth. This is why I am not worried; my future was settled before I was born. This is why you should be humble because you didn’t choose yourself (John 15:16). You are not chosen because you are educated or connected, it is the exact opposite.

1 Corinthians 1:27 says that God chooses the foolish things, the weak things, and the things that are nought. If God chose you, it means you are foolish by human standards; you are weak, and you are nothing by human standards. Even if it appears as if you are wise by human standards, the moment you surrender all to God and begin to live strictly by His standards, the world will begin to see you as a foolish person. So, never raise your head in pride about your achievements. Nebuchadnezzar tried it and found himself in the bushes. For the rest of your life, you must be grateful to God. David said in Psalm 34:1:

I will bless the Lord at all times, His praise shall continually be in my mouth.

David knew what he was talking about. God chose Him to be the king of Israel even when his family members would not have voted for him if he ran for elections. I believe that right now, God is talking to you concerning this because of how high He wants to take you. If you listen and become humble, then He will lift you, but if you refuse to humble yourself, then you will be abased (Matthew 23:12). Let pride disappear from your life completely.

*PRAYER POINT*
Check yourself sincerely, is there still pride lurking anywhere in your heart? Get rid of it today.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 15 February 2024 HYMN 14 – O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful day that will be
When Jesus descends to the air;
Saints who have died, with the living shall be
All gathered to be with Him there.

Refrain:
Soon shall we see Him, the Saviour we love,
When He descends from the mansions above;
And with the King in His glory we’ll reign,
For He is coming, year, coming again.

2 They shall be changed and be like Him for aye,
When He returns for His own;
O what a glorious meeting that day,
With Jesus and those we have known! [Refrain]

3 Death will be ended and sorrow shall flee,
The darkness of sin will be past;
All the redeemed their Redeemer shall see,
And enter His glory at last.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Numbers 19-21
