*Open Heaven 15 July 2023 TOPIC: The Role Of The Holy Spirit 2*

*MEMORISE:*
“And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the , because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.” – Romans 8:27 (KJV)

*READ: Romans 8:26-27 (KJV)*
26 Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.

27 And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 1-3*

*MESSAGE:*
We started to look at the role of the Holy Spirit in the life of a Christian yesterday. We discovered that the Holy Spirit convicts sinners of their sins and draws them unto repentance. Today we want to look at how the Holy Spirit helps believers pray.

When the Bible says that we should pray without ceasing (1 Thessalonians 5:17), how can this be possible, humanly speaking? Clearly, this can only be possible with the help of the Holy Spirit. This is why I pity those who deny the baptism of the Holy Spirit as promised by our Lord Jesus Christ in Acts 1:8.

Our Lord Jesus Christ gave a parable to teach us how important ceaseless prayer is to us as believers in Luke 18:1-8. However, without the help of the Holy Spirit, no one can accomplish this.

Naturally, we do not even know what to pray for but the Holy Spirit guides us and prays the will of God through us. Romans 8:26 says:

Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.

From the scripture above, we see that we need the Holy Spirit to help us to pray the right way.

The Holy Spirit also reminds us of the significance of giving thanks as we pray. Indeed, our thanksgiving, praise and worship should always exceed our requests.

Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your request be made known unto God. – Philippians 4:6

These indeed are keys to get our prayers answered hence all Christians must seek to be baptised in the Holy Spirit.

*PRAYER POINT:*
Holy Spirit Divine, please come into my life and help me in my prayer life.

*Open Heaven 15 July 2023 HYMN 10: In Christ Alone*
1 In Christ alone my hope is foundHe is my light, my strength, my songThis Cornerstone, this solid ground,Firm through the fiercest drought and stormWhat heights of love, what depths of peace,When fears are stilled, when striving cease,My Comforter, my All in All,Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone who took on fleshFullness of God in helpless BabeThis gift of love and righteousness,Scorned by the ones He came to save‘Til on that cross as Jesus died,The wrath of God was satisfied,For every sin on Him was laid,Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body layLight of the world by darkness slainThen bursting forth in glorious Day,Up from the grave He rose againAnd as He stands in victory,Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,For I am His and He is mine,Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in deathThis is the power of Christ in meFrom life’s first cry to final breath,Jesus commands my destinyNo power of hell, no scheme of man,Could ever pluck me from His hand,‘Til He returns or calls me home,Here in the power of Christ I stand.
