*Open Heaven 15 March 2024 TOPIC: The More The Merrier*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the Lord had shut them up?” – Deuteronomy 32:30 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Ecclesiastes 4:9-12 (KJV)

9 Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.

10 For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.

11 Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?

12 And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.

*MESSAGE*
The more we are in our local assemblies, the merrier our services will be. If we are not many, how can we make a joyful noise? The more we are, the louder the noise we can make, and the merrier it will be to praise God together. Let me tell you what I believe to be the origin of clapping. One day, the fingers woke up and heard the birds singing, and they said, “O God, we also want to praise You.” They tried to make a sound individually, but no sound came. Suddenly, they said, “If two of us should cooperate, maybe we can produce some sound.” So, one finger cooperated with another finger, and they discovered that there was a little snapping sound. They took it further, and one finger cooperated with the other palm. They made a better sound, and then another finger decided to join in. The sound improved, and yet another finger joined in. Before long, all the fingers were jamming together in praise, making a joyful noise to the Lord.

In the same token, the more we are, the greater our impact will be in the world. When we are many, the impact we will make cannot be ignored because it will be significant. When ten people come together against a policy of the government, the government can easily ignore them. However, when 10,000 people come together to speak against the same policy, it will be very difficult for the government to ignore them. The governing powers in the environment where your local assembly is situated will take you more seriously when you are many. As a result, your local assembly can influence the culture and policies in that environment.

When we are many, projects become easier to accomplish. When ten people come together to do something, they will have to put in a lot of effort and personal resources to get it done. However, if 100 people come together to do the same thing, they obviously will need less individual effort and personal resources to get that thing done. Therefore, projects are done faster and easier when we are many.

Beloved, if truly God is your father, you should be committed to the expansion of His kingdom. Preach the gospel anywhere you find yourself and set a personal target to win at least one soul to Christ per day. If you cannot go to the mission field, support missionaries with your prayers and your personal resources. The more Christians we have around the world, the greater our impact will be.

*ACTION POINT*
Make it a point of duty to preach the gospel to at least one person every day.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 15 March 2024 HYMN 4 – To The Work, To The Work

1 To the work! to the work! we are servants of God,
Let us follow the path that our Master has trod;
With the balm of His counsel our strength to renew,
Let us do with our might what our hands find to do.

Refrain:
Toiling on, toiling on,
Toiling on, toiling on:
Let us hope, let us watch,
And labor till the Master comes.

2 To the work! to the work! let the hungry be fed;
To the fountain of life let the weary be led;
In the cross and its banner our glory shall be,
While we herald the tidings, “Salvation is free!”

3 To the work! to the work! there is labor for all;
For the kingdom of darkness and error shall fall;
And the name of Jehovah exalted shall be,
In the loud-swelling chorus, “Salvation is free!”

4 To the work! to the work! in the strength of the Lord,
And a robe and a crown shall our labor reward;
When the home of the faithful our dwelling shall be,
And we shout with the ransomed, “Salvation is free!”

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 9-10
