*Open Heaven 15 November 2023 TOPIC: Benefits Of Holiness 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.” – Psalm 75:10 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Timothy 4:6-8 (KJV)

6 For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.

7 I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:

8 Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.

*MESSAGE*
We will progress in our study of the benefits of living holy today, as we look at how holiness can help you fulfill destiny. Nothing can stop you from fulfilling your destiny if you live a holy life. Let us consider Joseph. God revealed it to Joseph in Genesis 37:5-10 that he had a great destiny to fulfil. His brothers envied him, sold him into slavery and he found himself in the house of a rich man called Potiphar, whose wife wanted to sleep with him. Joseph refused because he did not want to do anything to offend God (Genesis 39:9). He remained holy and at the end of the day, impossible as his dreams seemed, he fulfilled them.

One major thing that has kept me holy is the fact that I know it is only God who can help me fulfil my dreams. If you really want to fulfil your dreams, then you must live holy. If God Himself gave you a destiny to fulfil, then you can be sure He is on your side, willing to help you fulfil that destiny. Romans 8:31 says if God be for you, who can be against you? Even the devil dares not. The only fellow who can be against you is yourself. When you start sinning, God will turn away from you and then the devil will come in to ensure that you don’t fulfil that destiny. King Saul was destined to be a great king and God was on his side until he started to sin. God took His spirit from him and sent a tormenting spirit to him instead. In the end, he failed in his destiny. Do you want to fulfil your destiny? Live holy.Hebrews 1:9 says:

Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.

If you want to be great, if you know that you need the anointing that will raise you above your fellows, if you want to receive a crown of righteousness at the end of your race here on earth (2 Timothy 4:8), then you must love righteousness and hate iniquity. There are many people I have come across with great destinies; they started well but somewhere along the line, began to commit sin and thus never fulfilled that great purpose for which God created them.

Beloved, if you love yourself at all, you will stop committing sins and start living holy. That is the only way you can fulfil God’s plans for your life.

*ACTION POINT*
Love righteousness and hate iniquity.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 15 November 2023 HYMN 11 – I’ve Found A Friend In Jesus

1 I’ve found a friend in Jesus, He’s everything to me,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole.
In sorrow He’s my comfort, in trouble He’s my stay,
He tells me every care on Him to roll: (Halleluyah)

Refrain:
He’s the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He’s the Fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

2 He all my griefs has taken, and all my sorrows borne;
In temptation He’s my strong and mighty tower;
I’ve all for Him forsaken, and all my idols torn,
From my heart, and now He keeps me by His power.
Though all the world forsake me, and satan tempt me sore,
Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal: (Halleluyah)

3 He’ll never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith, and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I’ve nothing now to fear;
With His manna, He my hungry soul shall fill.
Then sweeping up to glory, to see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll: (Halleluyah).

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Acts 10-11
