*Open Heaven 16 December 2023 TOPIC: John The Beloved*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Now there was leaning on Jesus’ bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.” – John 13:23 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 13:21-28 (KJV)

21 When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.

22 Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.

23 Now there was leaning on Jesus’ bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.

24 Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.

25 He then lying on Jesus’ breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?

26 Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.

27 And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.

28 Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.

*MESSAGE*
Further into my study of how to become God’s favourite, I found that there was another disciple who also followed Jesus on the day He was crucified. It was this disciple that helped Peter access the courtyard as we see in John 18:15-16. This other disciple apparently was John the Beloved as he referred to himself in the third person all through his account of the gospel. When you read John 19:26-27, you will find that it was John who took the mother of Jesus into his own house. Anyone who looks after your mother must be very close to you.

I’ve always said that when you describe somebody as a Christian fanatic, it simply means he loves the Lord more than you. In John 20:1-8, the Bible tells us that when they brought news to the Apostles that Jesus was risen, John was the first Apostle to get to the tomb. In John 13:21-26 when the disciples sought to know who would betray the Lord, Peter beckoned to John and told him to ask Jesus, because he knew that John was the closest to Him. Thirteen people were at the table and two of them were speaking in codes the others could not understand. John was so close to Jesus that he could rest his head on His chest (John 13:23).

In our Bible reading for today, we see that it is only John that Jesus trusted with the identity of who would betray Him. Jesus trusted John with His secrets. When God can trust you with His secrets, you become extremely close to Him. Jesus made John His confidant, that is why you find that in Revelation 1:1-20, it was John the Beloved whom Jesus chose to reveal the story of what will happen in the end times, thousands of years ahead of his time. In Revelation 10:4, there are things Jesus revealed to John that He said were for his ears only.

When you truly love God, you become willing to seek and fulfill His primary heart desire which is to bring souls into His kingdom.

*PRAYER POINT*
Do you love God enough to place your head in His bosom?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 16 December 2023 HYMN 10 – In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This Cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when striving cease,
My Comforter, my All in All,
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone who took on flesh
Fullness of God in helpless Babe
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save
‘Til on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied,
For every sin on Him was laid,
Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body lay
Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious Day,
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine,
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Could ever pluck me from His hand,
‘Til He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Philemon 1, Titus 1-3
