*Open Heaven 16 February 2024 TOPIC: Divine Promotion*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.” – Psalm 75:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 75:4-7 (KJV)

4 I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:

5 Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.

6 For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.

7 But God is the judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.

*MESSAGE*
The best promotion anyone can have is that which comes from God; nobody can take glory for such. In 1 Samuel 16:1-13, a shepherd boy was anointed to be king, not because somebody liked him or spoke for him, but because God decided to promote him. I believe God wants to promote someone reading this today and that will be you, in Jesus’ name.

When God begins to promote a man, there is no telling how high He can take him, because His arms are everlasting (Deuteronomy 33:27). 1 Samuel 2:8 says that He can pick a beggar from the dunghill and continue to lift him until he begins to sit amongst princes – that is real promotion.

My father was so poor that poor people called him poor. The day he bought an umbrella there was jubilation in our home as if we had just bought a new house. If God could pick the son of a poor farmer and cause him to be someone that Heads of States will be delighted to meet, then you really cannot tell how high He can lift you. He promoted David from being the least recognised member of his family until he became the father of the King of kings (Revelation 22:16).

Now that you know that there is no limit to how far God can take you, the next thing you must ask is, “How can I become a candidate for divine promotion?” The first thing you need for God to choose you for promotion is mercy. He said in Romans 9:15 that He will have mercy on whom He will have mercy. He is sovereign; He chooses to promote whomever He pleases. One kind of person, however, that I know God will never ignore is one with a broken and contrite heart (Psalm 51:17). This is when a fellow’s will is so broken that all he or she desires is to please God at all times. Such a person never wants to offend God, and whenever they mistakenly offend Him, they become sorrowful and immediately ask for forgiveness.

This is the kind of person God was searching for when He needed someone to become the king of Israel. He said in Acts 13:22 that He had found a man who will do all His will. This is the kind of person God will promote. If you are like that, then you have become a candidate for divine promotion.

*PRAYER POINT*
Are you totally sold out to the will of God? Have you been doing all His will?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 16 February 2024 HYMN 8 – I Need Thee Every Hour

1 I need Thee every hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Chorus
I need Thee, oh, I need Thee;
Every hour I need Thee;
Oh, bless me now, my Savior!
I come to Thee.

2 I need Thee every hour,
Stay Thou near by;
Temptations lose their power
When Thou art nigh.

3 I need Thee every hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

4 I need Thee every hour,
Teach me Thy will;
And Thy rich promises
In me fulfill.

5 I need Thee every hour,
Most Holy One;
Oh, make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Numbers 22-24
