*Open Heaven 16 March 2024 TOPIC: Live Selflessly*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.” – Revelation 4:11 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Genesis 50:15-21 (KJV)

15 And when Joseph’s brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him.

16 And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,

17 So shall ye say unto Joseph, Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their sin; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And Joseph wept when they spake unto him.

18 And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants.

19 And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?

20 But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.

21 Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.

*MESSAGE*
The twenty-four elders in heaven made it clear in today’s memory verse that we were created to fulfil God’s pleasure. When we live for ourselves alone, we negate the purpose of our existence. When a person lives for God, he or she would not abuse any privilege or opportunity.

Joseph is a good example of someone who lived for God and his fellow human beings, particularly his brothers. Even though they eventually repaid him with evil, his selfless service made him go the extra mile to find them and deliver their food to them when he couldn’t locate them initially. He could have returned home with the supplies he took with him, but he didn’t. You can find the story in Genesis 37:13-28. Joseph’s love for God caused him to reject the sexual advances of his master’s wife. He could not bear doing anything that will displease God, and this made him say in Genesis 39:9:

There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?

Furthermore, his love for people made him interpret the dreams of his fellow inmates, which led to him becoming the Prime Minister of Egypt. When he eventually came into power, he did not consider the hardships he endured due to the cruelty of his brothers when they sold him into slavery. The love of God in him made him realise that his sufferings served a higher purpose for God and humanity. He said in Genesis 50:20:

But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.

Our Father in heaven wants us to live a selfless life so that we can attain the fullness of His purpose for our lives. Those who are selfish short-change themselves without knowing it.

Moses, even though he lived in affluence in Pharaoh’s palace, decided to suffer with his brethren (the Israelites) and eventually saved them from bondage by leading them out of Egypt (Hebrews 11:24-27). His selflessness ensured that he fulfilled God’s purpose for his life and the nation of Israel at large. Beloved, begin to live beyond yourself, and you will have the fullness of God’s grace to divinely prosper, both spiritually and physically.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, from today, please help me to live selflessly, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 16 March 2024 HYMN 23 – To The Work, To The Work

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice, and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips, and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will, and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine.
Take my heart; it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love; my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure-store.
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 11-13
