*Open Heaven 16 November 2023 TOPIC: Be Thou Perfect*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.” – Matthew 5:48 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Peter 1:13-16 (KJV)

13 Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;

14 As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:

15 But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;

16 Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.

*MESSAGE*
Jesus Christ tells us clearly in today’s memory verse that we should be perfect like our Father in heaven. Unfortunately, some people have believed the lie of the devil that no human being can be perfect. That is a lie because Jesus Christ will never ask you to do something He knows you cannot accomplish.

It is painful to say, but not every Bishop, General Overseer or evangelist is going to heaven, which is why your standard for perfection must be Christ, not man (Matthew 7:22-23). The things you do must be in line with the word of God only. If someone says something that is not in line with God’s word, no matter who they are, reject it. This follows that you must know God for yourself and not only through the lens of someone else. Apostle Paul said, “Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ” (1 Corinthians 11:1). In other words, Paul was saying that the moment you notice that I am not following Christ, stop following me. The only way to know if your spiritual leader is still following Christ is by knowing Christ yourself and you have your Bible to teach you all you need to know about Him.

The decision to be perfect is a personal matter. It is not something you do collectively; it is personal. You can be a part of a group of friends who fellowship with and hold one another accountable, but who knows what the others are doing in secret in the middle of the night? Who is there in your thoughts to check you when you are conceiving the wrong ideas? Joshua said, “As for me and my house”. The ‘me’ comes before ‘my house’. He didn’t say ‘As for us’. ‘As for me’, I will do the will of God, not ‘as for us’. It is written in Luke 17:34 that two people will be on a bed, one will be taken and the other left behind. In other words, a husband may go and the wife may remain, or the wife may go while the husband remains. It is a personal affair. Make your own decision today, let Christ be your standard and ignore what others are doing.

*PRAYER POINT*
If our Father in heaven is perfect and we are His genuine children, then we must be perfect too.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 16 November 2023 HYMN 23 – Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in endless praise,
Let them flow in endless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will and make it Thine,
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Acts 12-13
