*Open Heaven 17 January 2024 TOPIC: The Book Of Remembrance (2)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Thus saith the Lord of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt.” – 1 Samuel 15:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 17:8-13, 1 Samuel 15:1-2 (KJV)

Exodus 17:8-138 Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.

9 And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.

10 So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.

11 And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek prevailed.

12 But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.

13 And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.

1 Samuel 15:1-215 Samuel also said unto Saul, The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel: now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the Lord.

2 Thus saith the Lord of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, I mentioned some wonderful things that can happen to God’s children when He opens the book of remembrance in their favour. Today, I will progress in the discussion by looking at what happens to the enemies of God when He opens the book of remembrance concerning them.

In our Bible readings today, the Amalekites attacked the Israelites for no just cause, and God recorded this evil act against them. He also promised to wipe them off from the face of the earth. Many years after, their past evil action against the children of Israel was brought to remembrance, and the Lord commanded Saul to wipe them off the face of the earth. I pray that a negative book of remembrance will never be opened to you, in Jesus’ name.

Beloved, a terrible book of remembrance was opened to all men because of the sin of the first man and woman in Genesis 3:19:

In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

This terrible book of remembrance is re-echoed in Romans 3:23 and Romans 6:23. Beloved, the only way to escape the consequences of this terrible book of remembrance that was written because of the disobedience of our first parents is found in the last part of Romans 6:23:

…but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.

God has provided only one way of escape from this terrible book of remembrance, and that way is Jesus Christ (John 14:6). Jesus’ blood was shed on the cross at calvary to write off the consequences of this terrible book of remembrance for everyone who accepts Him as their Lord and Saviour. Beloved, if you have not truly surrendered your life to Jesus, there is no way you can escape the ultimate consequence of this terrible book of remembrance, for the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ (Romans 6:23). Surrender all to Jesus today and commit to living a holy life if you are yet to do so. Only then can you experience the mercy of God and have the book of life opened to you.

I declare that every evil book of remembrance concerning you shall be shut down permanently from today, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
God has provided only one way of escape from the terrible book of remembrance and that way is Jesus Christ.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 17 January 2024 HYMN 19 – Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy riven side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Save me from its guilt and power.

2 Not the labor of my hands
Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears forever flow,
All could never sin erase,
Thou must save, and save by grace.

3 Nothing in my hands I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress,
Helpless, look to Thee for grace:
Foul, I to the fountain fly,
Wash me, Savior, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgment throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Exodus 5-7
