*Open Heaven 17 July 2023 TOPIC: The Storm Stiller 1*

*MEMORISE:*
“Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and .” – John 5:8 (KJV)

*READ: Mark 4:35-41 (KJV)*
35 And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.

36 And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.

37 And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.

38 And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?

39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

40 And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?

41 And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 9-11*

*MESSAGE:*
What is a storm? Literally, a storm is a disturbance of the atmosphere marked by wind and some or a combination of the following: rain, snow, hail, sleet, or thunder and lightning. Figuratively however, a storm is a set of unpleasant circumstances that could result in some loss or the other. Storms of life are in categories. They could be physical, spiritual, emotional, financial, material, political etc.

In our text, we read about the rising of a great storm that could have capsised the boat Jesus and His disciples were sailing in. The Storm Stiller however, commanded that the storm should be still and it was so. Today, we shall look at physical storms in terms of ill-health. I pray that any storm of ill-health you may be battling is stilled now, in Jesus’ name.

In the story behind our memory verse of today, there was a man who suffered ill-health for thirty-eight years. His physical storm raged so long that he felt he was to die by the pool of Bethesda. However, on that very day that he encountered the Storm Stiller, his story changed. Jesus Christ – the Storm Stiller asked him: “Wilt thou be made whole?” (John 5:6).

The Almighty God is asking you today, “Do you want to be healed?” If your answer is “Yes,” then you must fulfil the condition for healing. Divine healing is the ‘food’ meant for children according to Matthew 15:26. Therefore, you must be sure you are genuinely born again because your sins must be forgiven before you can enjoy this divine blessing that will still your storm of ill-health. When Jesus Christ wanted to still the storm of the young man that was suffering terribly from palsy, the Bible says:

And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy: Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee. – Matthew 9:2

This implies that you should repent of your sins and seek God’s forgiveness if you want Him to still the storm of ill health in your life. As you heed His call today, every storm of ill health in your life will cease today, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT:*
Father, I receive my healing today, in Jesus’ name.

*Open Heaven 17 July 2023 HYMN 25: The Great Physician Now Is Near*
1 The great Physician now is near,The sympathising Jesus;He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,Oh, hear the voice of Jesus.

2 Your many sins are all forgiven,Oh, hear the voice of Jesus;Go on your way in peace to heaven,And wear a crown with Jesus.

3 All glory to the risen Lamb!I now believe in Jesus;I love the blessed Saviour’s name,I love the name of Jesus.

4 His name dispels my guilt and fear,No other name but Jesus;Oh! how my soul delights to hearThe charming name of Jesus.
