*Open Heaven 17 March 2024 TOPIC: Remembered For What?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “The memory of the just is blessed: but the name of the wicked shall rot.” – Proverbs 10:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 9:36-42 (KJV)

36 Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.

37 And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they laid her in an upper chamber.

38 And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them.

39 Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.

40 But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

41 And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.

42 And it was known throughout all Joppa; and many believed in the Lord.

*MESSAGE*
Knowing fully well that there is a time to be born and a time to die, we ought to be thankful to God for each day that He gives us life. I, however, have a question I will like you to answer sincerely – what will people remember you for after you’ve left the earth? Another question which I consider even more important than the initial one is, when your time is up on earth, what account will you give to God of how you spent your life? Hebrews 9:27 says:

And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:

In other words, death is not the end of our existence, but rather a transition to another state. One way our lives carry on after death is through the things we are remembered for. There are those whose remembrance brings gladness and joy, while the remembrance of some others brings bitterness and sorrowful memories.

One woman who was remembered for good after she died was Dorcas. She was one of the early believers in our Lord, and she lived a good life of service and righteousness. This is the testimony of her life as written in Acts 9:36:

…this woman was full of good works and alms deeds which she did.

A lesson here for us is that our good works play a great role in showing our faith and commitment to God. Speaking on this, James 2:15-17 says:

If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit? Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.

The gospel of Jesus must find practical expression in your life through your good works; the testimony of the brethren concerning Dorcas confirms this. She was so full of good works that the church found it difficult to accept her demise, and so, she was brought back to life. Psalm 112:5-6 says:

A good man sheweth favour, and lendeth: he will guide his affairs with discretion. Surely he shall not be moved for ever: the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.

Beloved, what good deeds will people remember you for? Think about this and remember the words of today’s memory verse.

*PRAYER POINT*
Seize every opportunity that God brings your way to do good to all men.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 17 March 2024 HYMN 28 – Guide Me, O Thou Great Jehovah

1 Guide me, O my great Redeemer,
pilgrim through this barren land;
I am weak, but you are mighty;
hold me with your powerful hand.
Bread of heaven, bread of heaven,
feed me now and evermore,
feed me now and evermore.

2 Open now the crystal fountain,
where the healing waters flow.
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
lead me all my journey through.
Strong Deliverer, strong Deliverer,
ever be my strength and shield,
ever be my strength and shield.

3 When I tread the verge of Jordan,
bid my anxious fears subside.
Death of death, and hell’s Destruction,
land me safe on Canaan’s side.
Songs of praises, songs of praises
I will ever sing to you,
I will ever sing to you.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 14-16
