*Open Heaven 18 August 2023 TOPIC: From Darkness To Light 4*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For I will have respect unto you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, and establish my covenant with you.” – Leviticus 26:9 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Genesis 1:26-31 (KJV)

26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.

28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.

29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

*MESSAGE*
Darkness is linked with barrenness. This implies that light is equivalent to fruitfulness. When you study the Scriptures, you will see that God is interested in your fruitfulness. The very first commandment He gave to man is “Be fruitful and multiply” (Genesis 1:28). In Exodus 23:26, the Almighty God said clearly: “There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil. I am decreeing, that if you are trusting God for the fruit of the womb, you will carry your own twins soon, in Jesus’ name.

There are some cases of barrenness where the doctor cannot see anything wrong with the couple because the devil is at work. A woman’s mother-in-law once visited her house and said, “My daughter, eat this bread and use it to block your womb”. The girl ate it, not taking the woman’s words seriously. From that day, she stopped menstruating for several years. Thank God we held a programme in her town that ran for some days. One afternoon during the programme, she slept and had a dream. In the dream, some people dressed like medical doctors laid her on the table, opened up her belly and began to pull out a rope. The rope was very long, and at the end of the rope was a very black piece of bread. By the time she woke, she saw that the bed was wet with her menstrual flow. The last time I heard from her, she already had 5 children. Whatever darkness has used to stop your fruitfulness – whether it is in child-bearing or otherwise, the Light will deal with it.

Some people asked me not too long ago, “Why are you against same-sex marriage?” I asked in turn, “How will two men or two women produce a child?” They mentioned adoption, but who is going to produce the child they are going to adopt? If we all adopt this lifestyle, the human race would become extinct in less than a hundred years. I told them, “The devil is a liar”. I don’t care what people or organisations say, I will stand by the truth. The word of God is clear: “Be fruitful and multiply”.

Anyone trying to do anything that disobeys that instruction is disobeying God Himself.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, as You have commanded me to be fruitful, my body and all that concerns me will obey that command and bear fruit, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 August 2023 HYMN 23: Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in endless praise,
Let them flow in endless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will and make it Thine,
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 47-48
