*Open Heaven 18 December 2023 TOPIC: The Key To Divine Power*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.” – 2 Corinthians 10:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Corinthians 7:1 (KJV)

1 Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.

*MESSAGE*
When I became a Christian, I was determined not to be an ordinary one. I wanted to be a Christian with power to do the impossible. I soon discovered that to get power from God, you need to be totally sold out to Him. When you study Paul the Apostle who was so powerful that his handkerchiefs and aprons were healing the sick, you will see that when he beheld Christ on his way to Damascus, as he hit the ground, he said, “What do you want me to do Lord?” (Acts 9:6). That is total surrender from the onset. You hear him say in Galatians 2:20: “I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.”

In other words, He was saying, “Forget the Paul you used to know, forget all you knew about me; the only reason I am living now is that Christ is living in me.” This is why he said in Philippians 1:21, “For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.”

By God’s special grace, He has done so many great things through me that make me glad that I surrendered all to Him. These are things that outweigh the pain of total surrender.

Some people want God to use them mightily, but they still tell lies once in a while. Some want to heal the sick but their money is too precious for God to take from them. Some want to command demons but even the devil is looking at them and saying, “From your sinful mouth? You think you can command me?”

Take your focus off the things of this world that distract you and surrender completely to God. Pray without ceasing, study your Bible regularly, fast often – just go all in with God. Let Him know that you are His and His alone. Don’t worry about the earthly things you are chasing now – Jesus Christ promised in Matthew 19:29: “And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name’s sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.” I can attest to that promise because He has fulfilled it in my life. Try Him and see.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, give me the grace to do what it takes to become a custodian of Your power on earth.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 December 2023 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Hebrews 5-8
