*Open Heaven 18 July 2023 TOPIC: The Storm Stiller 2*

*MEMORISE:*
“For ye know the grace of our Lord  Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.” – 2 Corinthians 8:9 (KJV)

*READ: Mark 4:35-41 (KJV)*
35 And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.

36 And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.

37 And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.

38 And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?

39 And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.

40 And he said unto them, Why are ye so fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?

41 And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 12-14*

*MESSAGE:*
A financial storm is another critical storm of life that every believer must take care of by the power in the name of Jesus Christ. The Bible says: “The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender” (Proverbs 22:7). The Scripture further says: “The rich man’s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty” (Proverbs 10:15). The first thing to do to still a financial storm is to work hard. The Bible says:

“He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich. He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame” – Proverbs 10:4-5

The Bible further says in Proverbs 22:29:

“Seest thou a man diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men”

Thus, hard work is good. However, hard work alone may not guarantee safety from a financial storm because the Bible says: “Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain” (Psalm 127:1). Right from the fall at Eden, man has been labouring with little reward (Genesis 3:17-19). Therefore, the curse of poverty must be broken and the only One who can do this is Jesus Christ our Redeemer.

Our memory verse for today shows that Jesus sacrificed everything to restore man to a life of bliss. We must invite Him into our lives so that every financial storm blowing against our lives would be stilled.

We need to cry to God in the name of Jesus Christ, who promised that whatever we ask the Father in His name shall be done for us (John 14:14). He says also in Matthew 7:7-8, “Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened”. God will end poverty in your life today and He will use your testimony to draw many into His Kingdom, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT:*
Father, please bless me, and still my financial storms today.

*Open Heaven 18 July 2023 HYMN 26: There Shall Be Showers Of Blessing*
1 There shall be showers of blessing:This is the promise of love;There shall be seasons refreshing,Sent from the Savior above.

2 There shall be showers of blessing,Precious reviving again;Over the hills and the valleys,Sound of abundance of rain.

3 There shall be showers of blessing:Send them upon us, O Lord;Grant to us now a refreshing,Come and now honor Thy Word.

4 There shall be showers of blessing:Oh, that today they might fall,Now as to God we’re confessing,Now as on Jesus we call!
