*Open Heaven 18 January 2024 TOPIC: The Book Of Remembrance (3)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:” – Psalm 103:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 103:1-5 (KJV)

1 Bless the Lord, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.

2 Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

4 Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;

5 Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle’s.

*MESSAGE*
Today, I will be discussing how needful it is for men to also open a book of remembrance of God’s goodness so that they can give Him praise like the psalmist in our Bible reading today.

Over the years, I have come to realise that many people easily forget the goodness of God to them. For example, when things are going fine, it is easy for a fellow to be full of praise for his or her Maker. However, when things are not going well, the same fellow may momentarily forget all that the Lord has done for him or her and immediately begin to complain. David also realised this tendency in men to forget what God has done for them quickly, hence the reminder he set for himself in the memory verse of today.

After setting the reminder in Psalm 103:2 for himself, David went on to open the book of remembrance of God’s blessings upon his life and began to praise Him (Psalm 103:3-5). He praised God for forgiving his sins, for healing him, and for saving him from destruction. He went further to praise God for crowning him with loving kindness and tender mercies. David also praised God for satisfying him with good things and for renewing his strength like the eagle’s.

Beloved, it is very important that you always remember the goodness of the Lord upon your life. You were created in His image, and this is enough reason for you to thank Him at all times. The sacrifice of Jesus Christ on the cross of Calvary for your sins and indeed the sins of the entire world is another major reason to be thankful to God at all times. You should thank Him always for saving you from the consequences of sin and all sorts of evil in the world today. Like David, you must give thanks to God for His lovingkindness and tender mercies. The Bible says that you would have been consumed if not for His tender mercies (Lamentations 3:22), so you owe your continued existence to Him.

I am sure that I can go on and on, and I still will not be able to exhaust the list of reasons you should praise God at all times. Beloved, open a book of remembrance of the Lord’s goodness over your life today and begin to praise Him.

*ACTION POINT*
Praise God throughout today and make this a habit going forward.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 January 2024 HYMN 17 – Praise My Soul, The King Of Heavens

1 Praise, my soul, the King of heaven;
to his feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
evermore his praises sing.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

2 Praise him for his grace and favor
to his people in distress.
Praise him, still the same as ever,
slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Glorious in his faithfulness!

3 Father Like he tends and spares us;
well our feeble frame he knows.
In his hand he gently bears us,
rescues us from all our foes.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Widely yet his mercy flows!

4 Angels, help us to adore him;
you behold him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before him,
dwellers all in time and space.
Alleluia, alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Exodus 8-10
