*Open Heaven 18 March 2024 TOPIC: That I May Know Him*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;” – Philippians 3:10 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Ephesians 1:15-17 (KJV)

15 Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,

16 Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;

17 That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:

*MESSAGE*
Today’s topic is actually the prayer of people who feel that they don’t know God enough and want to know Him more.

Daniel 11:32 says that those who know their God shall be strong and do exploits. To know God the way He ought to be known is very beneficial. If you know Him as He should be known, you will gladly surrender your life completely to Him. You will gladly surrender your future to Him because you will suddenly say, “What am I anyway, that did not originate in God? Who am I anyway, if God didn’t make me who I am? What can ever happen in my future that He doesn’t know already?” Total surrender only becomes possible when you truly know Him. You can only go wherever He asks you to if you know Him as you should.

A young married couple came to Africa for a missionary trip on their honeymoon. While walking around, they came across a really huge fence with gates. They found the gateman and asked, “Who are the people behind these walls?” The gateman answered, “Lepers,” and the couple asked another question, “Has anyone preached the gospel to them?” The gateman said, “Anyone who goes in there doesn’t come out. We throw food to them over the gate.” The couple insisted that they needed to go in to preach to them. The gateman reiterated that anyone who goes in never comes out. The husband looked at his wife, and she said, “What the Lord said is ‘go’. He didn’t say anything about coming back.” That was one couple that really knew God!

You can’t know God through preaching, you can only know Him if He reveals Himself to you. I never went to any Bible college. Even though I learnt a lot from my Father in the Lord, Pa Josiah Akindayomi and Pa S.G Elton, God had to reveal Himself to me. Only God can reveal Himself to you, and this was why Jesus said to Peter, “Flesh and blood have not revealed this to you, but my Father in heaven” (Matthew 16:17). The first time I heard people praying, “Oh God of Adeboye, come and do this for me,” I was shocked, and I asked myself, “Who is Adeboye?” However, somebody must have thought to himself, “We may not know God so well, but there is somebody who knows Him.” I pray that you will know Him the way He ought to be known, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Lord, reveal yourself to me, I want to know You.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 March 2024 HYMN 24 – That Wonderful Name, Jesus

1 That wonderful Name, Jesus!
That wonderful Name, Jesus!
That wonderful Name, Jesus!
There is no other name I know.

2 The Great Redeemer, Jesus!
His blood washed me clean, Jesus!
And now I am saved, Jesus!
There is no other name I know

3 The Great Physician, Jesus!
His stripes health me, Jesus!
And now I am whole, Jesus!
There is no other name I know.

4 The Great Lord of host, Jesus!
His truth set me free, Jesus!
I am free indeed, Jesus!
There is no other name I know.

5 The Great Provider, Jesus!
He supplies my needs, Jesus!
And now I am full, Jesus!
There is no other name I know.

6 My Great Companion, Jesus!
Always by my side, Jesus!
I have a sure Friend, Jesus!
There is no other name I know.

7 The Soon Coming King, Jesus!
Coming back for me, Jesus!
I will reign with Him, Jesus!
There is no other Name I know.

8 Let us praise His Name, Jesus!
Name above all names, Jesus!
Let us shout His Name, Jesus!
I will sing I will shout, JESUS

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 17-19
