*Open Heaven 18 November 2023 TOPIC: By Their Fruits*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?” – Matthew 7:16 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 7:16-23 (KJV)

16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

17 Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

18 A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.

19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.

21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.

22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?

23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, we discussed the fact that when you are pure in heart, it will show on the outside. The state of your heart – whether pure or otherwise, will always show on the outside. For example, when people see you dressed like a harlot or hooligan, they would know what is inside. Many people parade themselves as children of God but dress and talk like people of the world (1 John 2:15). When you call yourself light but are looking, sounding and moving like darkness, we know that you are not who or what you claim to be (2 Corinthians 6:14).

2 Corinthians 5:17 says:

Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

Right from the inside to the outside, all things become new when a person receives Christ – not all things apart from the fashion sense or speech; “all things” means all things. When you change from the inside, it will show in every aspect of your life because the change is from the core of your being. When you see a Chinese man and a Yoruba man, you can clearly differentiate them by how they look, their language and the food they eat. You don’t need to be told; you just know based on the fruits you see. When people see you, can they recognize the DNA of Christ in you? If they have to ask whether you are a child of God or not, then check well to see if you are a true Christian.

Some Pastors think that to convert youths to Christ, they must dress and behave like them; not at all. The youths want someone disciplined enough to challenge them. They want to show youthful exuberance, with the expectation that their pastor would caution them. Unfortunately, the people they are looking up to for that discipline are the same ones coming down to their level. Check the way the seemingly unruly youths treat the disciplined ones: that will tell you that they value discipline. Why should you now want to be like the unruly ones? That must change.

*PRAYER POINT*
Let others see Jesus in you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 November 2023 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

2 But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

3 Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Acts 16-17
