*Open Heaven 18 September 2023 TOPIC: The Most High 3*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass, when the Lord commandeth it not?” – Lamentations 3:37 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 9:2-9 (KJV)

2 I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.

3 When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.

4 For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.

5 Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.

6 O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.

7 But the Lord shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.

8 And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.

9 The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.

*MESSAGE*
The Most High can overrule curses. In (2 Kings 2:19-22), the Bible tells us that there had been a curse hanging over Jericho since the time of Joshua, but the Lord, working through Elisha, cancelled it.

God can overrule covenants. Isaiah 28:13 says that even if you have made any covenant that is not according to His will, once He overrules it, it will not stand. If there is any covenant between you and the devil, it is cancelled now, in Jesus’ name. Many years ago, a woman came to deliver her baby at our maternity centre in The Redeemed Christian Church of God. Apparently, because she had been barren for many years, she had uttered a statement saying she didn’t mind dying, as long as she gave birth first. Now, she had gotten pregnant and didn’t want to die during childbirth, so she came to the Church’s maternity centre to deliver the baby. After being in labour for some days, the midwives informed me, so I called on the Most High to overrule that evil covenant she had made. He overruled it and a short while later, she gave birth safely.

The Most High overrules blood covenants too (Isaiah 49:24-26), so even if you have been initiated into a cult by blood covenant, the Lord will cancel it now, in Jesus’ name.The Most High can even overrule hell. He can tell hell: “You cannot have this fellow”. Paul said in (1 Timothy 1:15) that he was originally the chief of sinners, but then he had an encounter with Jesus Christ and instead became a chief amongst the Apostles (2 Corinthians 11:5). I have always said, “If the Almighty God can use me, He can use anybody”. If He could take me from the path to hell and put me on my way to heaven, then whatever claim hell has over you is overruled right now, in Jesus’ name. You must note however, that you have a role to play in ensuring that hell’s claim over you is completely overruled. If the Most High decides to snatch you from the path to hell but you go back into sin, then you will be back on that destructive path. It is your duty to respond to God’s gracious act of love by living holy so you do not end up in hell.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, if there is any covenant I or my fathers entered into that is affecting my life today, please overrule it now, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 18 September 2023 HYMN 5 – Blessed Assurance

1 Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Refrain:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long.

2 Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight,
Angels descending, bring from above;
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

3 Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Saviour am happy and blessed,
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Amos 1-4
