*Open Heaven 19 December 2023 TOPIC: God Can Still Do It*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.” – 2 Peter 3:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Isaiah 55:10-13 (KJV)

10 For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:

11 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.

12 For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.

13 Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.

*MESSAGE*
Has God made a promise to you and its fulfilment is still outstanding? I want you to know that God is never late and He can still do what He promised within the remaining few days of the year. As long as you are very sure that God made that promise to you and you have been doing your own part in getting that thing He promised, I can assure you that He will do it before the end of this year as He promised. Don’t give up hope.

The importance of a statement is determined by the person making the statement. Imagine that a sick person admitted in a hospital is told by a cleaner that he or she would be discharged on a particular date. The patient will be correct to doubt the statement because the cleaner does not have the authority and knowledge needed to discharge him or her. However, if the doctor comes, observes the patient and says, “You will be going home today”, then the patient can begin to rejoice. The One who gave you promises at the beginning of the year is He, who is called the Truth according to John 14:6. Numbers 23:19 says: “God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? Or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?”

This God is called the Most High and the Almighty, so there is nothing He cannot do.

He has shown up at the last minute for many people before. Since He has done it before, He will do it again for you, in Jesus’ name. As long as you are sure that He promised you and you also know that you haven’t done anything to make Him change His mind. Please keep your faith alive because James 1:6 says if you doubt in your heart, then you will not receive what you ask for.

If, however, you have not been faithful to God or you have not been playing your part for the fulfilment of His promises to you, come before Him today and confess your errors. Forsake them and ask Him to forgive you. God is merciful and if He sees your sincerity, He will in no wise cast you away (John 6:37).

*PRAYER POINT*
Keep your faith alive. God can still bring His promises to pass before the end of this year.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 19 December 2023 HYMN 21 – Standing On The Promises Of Christ My King

1 Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Through eternal ages let His praises ring;
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Refrain:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Savior
Standing, standing,
I’m standing on the promises of God.

2 Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

3 Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love’s strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit’s sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

4 Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List’ning ev’ry moment to the Spirit’s call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Hebrews 9-10
