*Open Heaven 19 March 2024 TOPIC: The Power Of His Resurrection*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,” – Ephesians 1:19 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Romans 8:10-14 (KJV)

10 And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.

11 But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.

12 Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.

13 For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.

14 For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

*MESSAGE*
When Apostle Paul said that he wanted to know the power of His resurrection in Philippians 3:10, he was saying that he wanted to know the power that raised Jesus from the dead. There is a power that raised Jesus Christ from the dead. That power, according to Romans 8:11, is the power of the Holy Spirit, the power that can quicken your mortal body. That power is still available to the children of God even after Jesus Christ died, rose, and went to heaven.

It is a great thing to be baptised in the Holy Spirit. However, there is an experience and encounter that goes far beyond being baptised in the Holy Spirit. When you are baptised in the Holy Spirit, you speak in tongues, but speaking in tongues is not enough; you need to be baptised by fire too. Speaking in tongues is wonderful, and I encourage it, but you can’t go to some nations, get into their marketplaces, and start speaking in tongues and think you will win souls for Christ; you might lose your head or spend the rest of your life in prison! You need the fire of the Holy Ghost.

Whether you believe it or not, every force that is in heaven, on earth, or underneath the earth, is subject to that power that raised Jesus from the dead. This is why the world fears Pentecostalism. If there was one dead fellow that the devil did not want to rise, it was Jesus Christ, because he knew that if Jesus rose from the dead, he was finished. However, that power that raised Jesus from the dead was so powerful that with all the things that the devil tried in Matthew 27:62-66, Jesus still rose from the dead. He is higher than all principalities and powers, and His rising from the dead opened the door for you and me to also be higher than them. Ephesians 2:6 says:

And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

The scripture above shows clearly that believers in Jesus Christ are now seated with Him in heavenly places. Once you know that power that raised Jesus from the dead, no witch, wizard, demon, or principality will be able to overcome you. You will begin to command demons, and they will obey speedily. If you want to know that power, pray today’s prayer point with all your heart.

*PRAYER POINT*
Lord, baptise me with the Holy Spirit and fire. Please let me know that power that raised You from the dead.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 19 March 2024 HYMN 1 – All Hail The Power Of Jesus Name

1 All hail the pow’r of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostrate fall,
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him,
crown Him, crown Him;
And crown Him Lord of all!

2 Ye chosen seed of Israel’s race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,

3 Sinners, whose love can ne’er forget
The wormwood and the gall,
The wormwood and the gall,
Go, spread your trophies at His feet,

4 Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,

5 O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
We at His feet may fall!
We’ll join the everlasting song,

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Judges 20-21
