*Open Heaven 2 February 2024 TOPIC: Different Types Of Sons (1)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.” – Galatians 4:31 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Galatians 4:19-31 (KJV)

19 My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,

20 I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.

21 Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?

22 For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.

23 But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.

24 Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.

25 For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.

26 But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.

27 For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.

28 Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.

29 But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.

30 Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.

31 So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.

*MESSAGE*
There are many categories of children and I will be discussing some of them today. The first type I will look at are the ones referred to as ‘prodigal’ like we have in Luke 15:11-24. By the grace of God, I will never become a prodigal son, in Jesus’ name. I’ll encourage you to say the same prayer for yourself.

When God blesses me, I will not squander His blessings; I will use them for His work. Some people believe that the only way you can show that God is blessing you is by showing off: wearing golden shoes and clothes, and walking as if you own the whole world. These are the attributes of people that are referred to as prodigal sons, and I have made up my mind never to become such. What about you?

Another category of children that the Bible talks about are those that bring grief to their fathers. The Bible says that a foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him (Proverbs 17:25). I have equally made up my mind never to be one of such, in Jesus’ name. Psalm 14:1 says that the fool is one who says that there is no God, and it goes on further to say that a fool is a corrupt person. I acknowledge God in all that I do, and I refuse to be corrupt. I will never cause my Father in heaven grief. What about you?

If you go to Matthew 3:16-17 however, the Bible talks of ‘My beloved Son in whom I am well pleased.’ This is the kind of son I want to be. I want to be the kind of son that God will look down on and say, “This one, I love him.” You can be that kind of friend too. God has had sons who became friends over the ages. Abraham was a friend of God (Isaiah 41:8), and I am sure He is also saying, “Adeboye is my friend.”

You can tell who will become a beloved child of God as well as His friend by how much time they are willing to spend in His presence. The kind of sons that yearn for a close fellowship with God and desire to please Him at all times are the ones who don’t just read the Bible but also study and meditate on it daily so as to know God more and draw closer to Him.

*PRAYER POINT*
Sons who will grow to become God’s beloved and friends enjoy staying in His presence for long hours.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 2 February 2024 HYMN 11 – I’ve Found A Friend In Jesus

1 I’ve found a friend in Jesus, He’s everything to me,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Apple-tree of trees, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole.
In sorrow He’s my comfort, in trouble He’s my stay,
He tells me every care on Him to roll:
He’s the Apple-tree of trees, the Bright and Morning Star,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

2 He all my griefs has taken, and all my sorrows borne;
In temptation He’s my strong and mighty tower;
I’ve all for Him forsaken, and all my idols torn
From my heart, and now He keeps me by His power.
Though all the world forsake me, and Satan tempt me sore,
Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal:
He’s the Apple-tree of trees, the Bright and Morning Star,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

3 He’ll never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I’ve nothing now to fear,
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill.
Then sweeping up to glory to see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll:
He’s the Apple-tree of trees, the Bright and Morning Star,
He’s the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 16-18
