*Open Heaven 2 March 2024 TOPIC: Your Right-Hand Man 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.” – Exodus 17:12 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 4:10-16 (KJV)

10 And Moses said unto the Lord, O my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

11 And the Lord said unto him, Who hath made man’s mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the Lord?

12 Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say.

13 And he said, O my Lord, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send.

14 And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.

15 And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do.

16 And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God.

*MESSAGE*
For everyone who becomes great, there is always at least one person God provides to be his or her ‘right-hand man’. For example, in Exodus 4:10-16, when Moses told God that he could not go to Egypt because he couldn’t speak well, God appointed Aaron to assist him. In Exodus 17:8-13, when the Amalekites came to attack Israel, Moses went to the mountaintop with Aaron and Hur and told Joshua to lead the army in the valley below. Moses lifted up his hands and Israel prevailed, but when his hands got tired, Aaron and Hur gave him a rock to sit on and held up his hands. In the meantime, Joshua was in the valley below fighting. All these people were right-hand men to Moses.

We find another example in Genesis 24. Abraham called his lead servant and asked him to get a wife for His son amongst his (Abraham’s) people. That lead servant was Abraham’s right-hand man in this case. I should, however, also note that the term is genderless, as a woman can also be a ‘right-hand man’ to another woman. The right-hand man is someone who is close enough to his or her leader to know what the latter needs at every moment, and be proactive in providing it.

You should also identify your right-hand man if you haven’t. Your right-hand man can say what you cannot say yourself or might have a way of presenting the matter that will effectively pass on your intended message. He or she can be the lifter of your hands, the one who will help you when your hands go weary. Such a person is the one who can provide you with something to sit upon when you are tired; someone who can make you comfortable even at his or her own discomfort. Like Joshua, he or she is the one who can fight your battles even when you are not there.

Your real right-hand man is one who, despite your closeness, will never take you for granted because of familiarity. Your right-hand man is one who will see your weaknesses and not use them against you or go around telling others about them; he or she will rather cover them as Aaron and Hur did for Moses. Your right-hand man is one to whom you can entrust things and be sure that they will do it as you want it done. Note that God may have you serve as a right-hand man to someone as well.

*ACTION POINT*
Pray that God should connect you to the right-hand man He has prepared for you, and also thank Him specially for adding another year to my years today.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 2 March 2024 HYMN 13 – In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found;
He is my light, my strength, my song;
This cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm.
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when strivings cease!
My comforter, my all in all—
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone, Who took on flesh,
Fullness of God in helpless babe!
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save.
Till on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied;
For ev’ry sin on Him was laid—
Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body lay,
Light of the world by darkness slain;
Then bursting forth in glorious day,
Up from the grave He rose again!
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me;
For I am His and He is mine—
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death—
This is the pow’r of Christ in me;
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny.
No pow’r of hell, no scheme of man,
Can ever pluck me from His hand;
Till He returns or calls me home—
Here in the pow’r of Christ I’ll stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 30-32
