*Open Heaven 2 November 2023 TOPIC: Remember Me Lord!*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Remember me, O Lord, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;” – Psalm 106:4 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 106:4-5 (KJV)

4 Remember me, O Lord, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;

5 That I may see the good of thy chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance.

*MESSAGE*
Many times we pray and it seems like God cannot even hear our prayers, not to talk of answering them. We even see other people getting their prayers answered seemingly easily and wonder what our offence is that God has not answered us. In Genesis 30, the Bible says Rachel had no child for Jacob while Leah had birthed child after child for him, even as she aged. It must have really seemed as if God was not hearing Rachel’s prayers at all, but in verse 22, the Bible says: “And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb.”

One major prayer point that you must pray when it seems like God is not hearing your prayer is, ‘Remember me, oh Lord’. The first thing that happens when God remembers a person is that the fellow’s prayer would be answered. If you have been praying for one miracle or the other and there has been no answer, God will remember you this month, in Jesus’ name. Psalm 65:2 says: “O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come”.

God hears prayers but the Bible says that if He is to answer, there are certain conditions that must be satisfied. For example, in Isaiah 55:6, the Bible says you must seek the Lord while He may be found and call on Him while He is near. Thus you may have been praying for a while, not even sure whether He is near or not because you cannot see Him, but when He chooses to remember, He Himself would draw near to you.

The second thing that happens whenever God remembers someone is that doors begin to open for the fellow. You may have been knocking on some doors that have stubbornly remained shut, but the One who remembered Rachel is He who has the key of David; when He opens, no man can shut and when He shuts, none can open (Revelation 3:7). If the enemy has shut a door against you, in the name that is above every other, this very day, it will be opened. All you need is for God to remember you. The Lord will remember you today as you pray, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please remember me and answer my prayers today.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 2 November 2023 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Saviour, Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me, at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit
Would I seek Thy face
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou, the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me.
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav’n but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: John 3-4
