*Open Heaven 2 October 2023 TOPIC: It Shall Be Well With The Righteous*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.” – Isaiah 3:10 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Revelation 22:11-12 (KJV)

11 He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.

12 And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.

*MESSAGE*
Today’s memory verse is probably one of the most loved verses in the Bible. It assures us Christians that our tomorrow will be all right. One young fellow came to me some time ago and said he had heard that I was a prophet of God. I said, “Well, I am actually a Pastor, but I do hear from God once in a while”. He said, “No, I was told that whatever you prophesy comes to pass”. I said, “God has been faithful. How can I help you?” He responded, saying, “Can you tell me my future?” I asked, “Are you born again?” He said, “No”. I told him, “Your future will be terrible”. He said, “But how do you know; you don’t even know my name. You haven’t even prayed”. I responded, “I don’t have to pray. It is written in Isaiah 3:11, “Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him”, and the word of God is forever settled”. He then asked, “What if I had said I was born again?”. I told him, “Then I would have said your future will be great, according to Isaiah 3:10. If you have given your life to Christ, then you can say confidently, “My tomorrow will be all right”.

Believe it or not, your walk with God will determine your future. If you do some evil things now and think you have gotten away with them, you are deceiving yourself. Unless you repent, ask God for forgiveness and begin to live holy, you would still reap the consequences of your sins (Proverbs 6:12-15).

When the Bible says in Galatians 6:7 that God is not mocked and that whatsoever a man sows, shall he reap, it is no joke. Many people are suffering rejection, poverty, near-success syndromes, diseases and other forms of trauma today because of the unrighteous things they did in the past. Many go from Church to Church seeking deliverance, whereas their deliverance is in them repenting and making restitution. Some people are however, enjoying favour and good things because they have been living holy by the grace of God.

Your eternity is determined by the way you live while on earth. Jesus Christ is calling on you to surrender all to Him and live a righteous life in Him so that it indeed will be well with you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Your future is dependent on your lifestyle now.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 2 October 2023 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Matthew 1-4
