*Open Heaven 20 August 2023 TOPIC: From Darkness To Light 6*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.” – John 12:46 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 126:1-3 (KJV)

1 When the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream.

2 Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The Lord hath done great things for them.

3 The Lord hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad.

*MESSAGE*
From the story of Bartimaeus, we learn that darkness and sorrow go hand in hand. You don’t have to understand philosophy to know that a blind beggar must have been sad. I pray for you: Your eyes will never grow dim, in Jesus’ name.

Darkness and sorrow go hand in hand, which means light brings joy. Psalm 16:11 says: “Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.”

Our Bible reading for today says that when the Lord turned around the people’s captivity, their mouths were filled with laughter. That is the nature of Light; He brings laughter. Light stands for joy (John 16:24).

There was this woman whose children were dying so she visited a white garment prophet for a solution. When she got there, the man’s wife gave her a piece of kolanut to eat, claiming that was the solution to her problem. She ate it and at night, found herself in a witchcraft meeting. Before long, she had offered up her husband. After about two years, the other witches asked for one of her children – the very children she wanted to protect. She attended one of our programmes in Ilorin and while I was preaching, I noticed a commotion in the congregation. After the service, the ushers told me that the woman’s dress caught fire during the preaching. We prayed a simple prayer after which she gave her life to Christ and when she went home, she excreted a dead snake. She was free from that day on. Darkness does not give joy, all it has to offer is sorrow. Proverbs 10:22 says it is only the blessings of God that maketh rich and addeth no sorrow. If the devil is offering you something that seems good, you will not fall for it, in Jesus’ name.

If you are truly a child of Light, how can you stay away from Jesus – the Light of the world? Jesus said in Matthew 11:28, “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.” If you remain in darkness, you will keep suffering, but when you turn to Jesus Christ, He gives you a new beginning and turns the tide for you. If you really want to be in the Light, then you should begin to live holy from today.

*PRAYER POINT*
If the devil is offering you something that seems good, that thing is only a bait; his real aim is to bring you sorrow.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 20 August 2023 HYMN 4: Be Glad In The Lord And Rejoice

1 Be glad in the Lord and rejoice,
All ye that are upright in heart;
And ye that have made Him your choice,
Bid sadness and sorrow depart.

Refrain:
Rejoice! Rejoice!
Be glad in the Lord and rejoice!

2 Be joyful, for He is the Lord,
On earth and in heaven supreme;
He fashions and rules by His word;
The Mighty and strong to redeem.

3 What though in the conflict for right,
Your enemies almost prevail,
God’s armies, just hid from your sight,
Are more than the foes which assail.

4 Though darkness surround you by day,
Your sky by the night be o’ercast,
Let nothing your spirit dismay,
But trust till the danger is past.

5 Be glad in the Lord and rejoice,
His praises proclaiming in song;
With harp and with organ and voice,
The loud hallelujahs prolong!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 50
