*Open Heaven 20 February 2024 TOPIC: What Did God Say?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved.” – Habakkuk 2:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 119:101-105 (KJV)

101 I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word.

102 I have not departed from thy judgments: for thou hast taught me.

103 How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!

104 Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way.

105 Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.

*MESSAGE*
To live and survive on this earth, you need more than food. Jesus said in Matthew 4:4 that you need every single word that proceeds out of God’s mouth. This implies that you must be very particular about hearing from God regularly. Many people think that prayer is a one-way traffic, that is, they go to God, tell Him all their problems, and that is all. No! The most important part of prayer is hearing what God has to say concerning situations. It is the entrance of His word that brings light (Psalm 119:130).

Many times, when I face a difficult situation, and I cry to God for help and he does not say anything back to me, I say, “I’m in trouble,” and I continue crying unto Him. When at last I hear from Him, then I know that the problem is over. Even if what I hear is a rebuke, the fact that He is answering at all shows that He has heard me and that something is going to happen.

The Bible recorded in (1 Samuel 30:1-18) how David and his men had lost their family members and possessions to the Amalekites and how they recovered all after seeking guidance from God. It was a very dark moment for them before God spoke to them. The men had cried themselves sore and were so dejected that they began to contemplate killing David. Thankfully, David acted wisely and sought the face of God on what to do, and when they acted on God’s counsel, they recovered all.

In the memory verse for today, Habakkuk said that he will stand upon his watch to see what God’s response to him will be. Beloved, what is God saying about the prayer requests you have put before Him? What is God saying about your family, your future, and your career? If you are a child of God, you should note that God also wants to speak to you concerning your situation. Unfortunately, many believers fail to wait on Him to hear what He has to say to them.

In Jeremiah 33:3, God said, “Call on me and I will answer.” He didn’t say, “I may answer” or “I will consider answering.” He said, “I WILL answer.” So, when you go to Him in prayers, tell Him, “Lord, I will not rest until you have answered me.”

*PRAYER POINT*
The most important part of prayer is hearing what God has to say concerning situations.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 20 February 2024 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Chorus
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow’r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I yet may know
Ere Thee face to face I see;
There are heights of joy that I yet may reach
Ere I rest in peace with Thee

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Numbers 33-36
