*Open Heaven 20 January 2024 TOPIC: God’s Best Friends (II)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But thou, Israel, art my servant, Jacob whom I have chosen, the seed of Abraham my friend.” – Isaiah 41:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Hebrews 11:5-6 (KJV)

5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

*MESSAGE*
From yesterday’s discussion, I believe you must be very interested in becoming one of God’s best friends. If you truly are, you must study those who have been best friends with Him and do what they did. One major thing you will notice about such people is a great level of faith.

Faith is a major attribute that is required of anyone who wants to become God’s friend. Those who will be one of God’s best friends will not only have faith but have so much faith that they will be doing things that do not seem to make sense according to human understanding.

Romans 4:18 says that Abraham hoped against hope – that is a great level of faith! He not only hoped in his heart, but it also showed in his action when he told everyone to start calling himself and his wife ‘father of nations’ and ‘mother of nations’ respectively, even when they were old and didn’t have a child. Romans 4:19 says that he did not consider his body that it was dead; he believed God like a fool.

Can you have that much faith in God that you will begin to say and do things that would make people who do not understand God’s ways wonder if you are normal? Will you see the word of God as more real and potent than anything else, including natural laws? When God sees this kind of faith in someone, He draws the fellow closer to Himself.

Early in my Christian walk, I learned during a Sunday School class that faith can be likened to when a child jumps from a high surface at his father’s instruction without being scared of falling because he knows that his father will catch him. When I heard that, I started jumping without being scared of falling because I know from His word that He will catch me. I noticed that every time I made audacious statements or moves of faith based on God’s word, He drew me closer to Himself.

You can have a close relationship with God if you can just be audacious with your faith. If you can hope against hope and become a fool to others because of what you so obsessively believe in the word of God, not only will you see His word come to pass in your life, but you will also discover that He has brought you close to Himself to make you one of His best friends.

*PRAYER POINT*
Without faith, it is impossible to please God.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 20 January 2024 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow’r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I yet may know
Ere Thee face to face I see;
There are heights of joy that I yet may reach
Ere I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Exodus 14-16
