*Open Heaven 20 March 2024 TOPIC: The Fellowship Of His Suffering*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.” – Matthew 20:22 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 20:21-23 (KJV)

21 And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.

22 But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.

23 And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.

*MESSAGE*
Over the past two days, I have been discussing some lessons from Philippians 3:10, and today, I will be going even deeper. Apostle Paul said clearly that he wanted to know the fellowship of Jesus’ sufferings; in other words, he wanted to partake in the sufferings of Jesus Christ. Ordinary Christians don’t pray this kind of prayer; the prayer of the ordinary Christian usually sounds as follows, “God heal me, set me free, give me a car, prosper me, promote me, make me fruitful.” You won’t hear an ordinary Christian praying, “God, let me suffer for you.” I pray for you that you will leave the company of the ordinary today and enter into the company of the extraordinary, in Jesus’ name. Paul was a great example of an extraordinary Christian. He was eager to know God and to suffer for the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Romans 8:16-17 says:

The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.

It is when we suffer with Jesus that we can be glorified with Him. Paul said, “Let no man trouble me, I bear in my body the marks of Jesus Christ” (Galatians 6:17). In other words, he was saying, “I have scars to show that I suffered with Him.”

God glorifies those who are partakers of the sufferings of Christ. It’s just like a responsible man whose wife suffered with him during tough times. When things get better, there will be nothing money can afford that he will not buy for her. One of the reasons I value my wife greatly today is that when I resigned from lecturing and moved into the middle of nowhere, telling everyone that it is a city that God promised me, she moved in with me. It was tough, but she backed me all the way and partook in my suffering. Now that things are better, she is partaking in the glory.

Are you seeking for opportunities to experience the fellowship of Jesus’ suffering? Have you suffered with Him in any way? Congratulations if you said, ‘Yes’ genuinely to these questions because when it is time to be glorified, you will be glorified with Jesus. If you, however, are among those denying Him, remember that He said that He will also deny such persons before His Father in Heaven (Matthew 10:33).

*PRAYER POINT*
Lord, I want to know the fellowship of Your suffering. Please let me partake in Your suffering.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 20 March 2024 HYMN 12 – Onward, Christian Soldiers!

1 Onward Christian soldiers!
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus
Going on before.
Christ, the royal Master,
Leads against the foe;
Forward into battle,
See, His banners go!

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers!
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus,
Going on before.

2 At the name of Jesus
Satan’s host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers,
On to victory!
Hell’s foundations quiver
At the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices,
Loud your anthems raise!

3 Like a mighty army
Moves the Church of God:
Brothers, we are treading
Where the saints have trod;
We are not divided,
All one Body we—
One in faith and Spirit,
One eternally.

4 Crowns and thrones may perish,
Kingdoms rise and wane;
But the Church of Jesus
Constant will remain.
Gates of hell can never
’Gainst the Church prevail;
We have Christ’s own promise,
Which can never fail.

5 Onward, then, ye people!
Join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices
In the triumph song.
Glory, laud and honor
Unto Christ, the King;
This through countless ages
Men and angels sing.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ruth 1-4
