*Open Heaven 20 September 2023 TOPIC: God’s Everlasting Arms*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them.” – Deuteronomy 33:27 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Samuel 2:6-9 (KJV)

6 The Lord killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up.

7 The Lord maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.

8 He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the Lord’s, and he hath set the world upon them.

9 He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.

*MESSAGE*
God’s arms are everlasting (Deuteronomy 33:27), so when He begins to lift you, no one can bring you down. When human beings promote you, they never want to put you on the same level as themselves. In Genesis 39:1-5, Potiphar promoted Joseph and put him in charge of everything in his house, but he was still a slave.

And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to David, and his garments, even to his sword, and to his bow, and to his girdle. 1 Samuel 18:4

Jonathan gave David many gifts because he loved him but did not give him his shoes. In those days, no matter how much you give to a man, you can collect those things back if you don’t give him your shoes (Ruth 4:7-8). Also, servants never wore shoes. Thus, Jonathan was telling him, “I love you greatly, but don’t forget that I am a prince and you are an ordinary citizen in this kingdom”.

Another thing you can learn from the story of Joseph is that if human beings promote you, they can also bring you down. It is the same Potiphar who made Joseph the head of all his slaves who later threw him in prison. Those shouting ‘Hosanna’ today may shout ‘Crucify him’ tomorrow. When God decided to promote Joseph, He brought him to a level so high that even Potiphar – his former slave master, had to bow before him. The Most High will promote you and very soon, all those who have been oppressing you will bow before you, in Jesus’ name.

The Almighty God took David – who was a shepherd boy, made him a king and kept on promoting him until he became the father of the King of kings (Revelation 22:16). This is a classic example of God lifting a fellow with His everlasting arms.

Do you know that if God decides to promote you, even after you are dead, the promotion continues? God however, will not lift the proud in His everlasting arms. You must surrender your life totally to Jesus and humble yourself before Him if you want Him to promote you (1 Peter 5:6).

*PRAYER POINT*
Be humble so that God can promote you with His everlasting arms.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 20 September 2023 HYMN 10 – In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This Cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when striving cease,
My Comforter, my All in All,
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone who took on flesh
Fullness of God in helpless Babe
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save
‘Til on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied,
For every sin on Him was laid,
Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body lay
Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious Day,
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine,
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Could ever pluck me from His hand,
‘Til He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Obadiah 1
