*Open Heaven 21 February 2024 TOPIC: The Right Hand Of God*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “According to thy name, O God, so is thy praise unto the ends of the earth: thy right hand is full of righteousness.” – Psalm 48:10 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 89:8-13 (KJV)

8 O Lord God of hosts, who is a strong Lord like unto thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee?

9 Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them.

10 Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm.

11 The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the world and the fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.

12 The north and the south thou hast created them: Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name.

13 Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.

*MESSAGE*
I have come to understand that the difference between the right and the left hand is more than their positioning on our bodies. For example, in Matthew 5:30 when Jesus was talking about everything you must do to make sure you don’t miss heaven, He said, “If thy right hand offend thee…” He could easily have said, “If thy hand,” but He obviously emphasised the right hand because of its importance. In Genesis 48:8-20 when Jacob was to bless Joseph’s two sons, he deliberately placed his right hand on the younger son and the left on the older son. As a result of this, the younger son became more blessed than his elder brother (Deuteronomy 33:17).

Now, if the right hand of a man is that powerful, then you can imagine how powerful God’s right hand is since we were made in His image (Genesis 1:26).

Psalm 17:7 says that God saves by His right hand. In other words, when a sinner is snatched from the jaws of hell, it is God’s right hand at work. This is why you must pray for God to raise His right hand on behalf of all your family members that are not saved. Furthermore, Psalm 139:10 says that He leads by His right hand. Isaiah 41:10 says that God also upholds with His right hand. After He has saved you and led you with His right hand, He will also keep you standing with the same right hand.

In Exodus 15:6, the Bible says that His right hand is not just powerful, but also glorious in power. This tells us that God fights with His right hand. In Exodus 15:11-12, the Bible says that His right hand swallowed the enemy. In Mark 14:62, the Bible tells us that the right hand of God is the right hand of power. The right hand of God is also where you will find joy and everlasting pleasures (Psalm 16:11).

Beloved, you should note, however, that only the redeemed can be at the right hand of God (Matthew 25:34). If you are not yet born again, you better surrender your life to Christ now because those who are at God’s left hand suffer greatly. They are the ones who weep and gnash their teeth because of the evils they experience. Give your life to Christ today and get on the right-hand side of God.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please raise Your right hand on my behalf and let every enemy fighting against me be destroyed, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 21 February 2024 HYMN 1 – All Hail The Power Of Jesus’ Name

1 All hail the pow’r of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostrate fall,
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him,
crown Him, crown Him;
And crown Him Lord of all!

2 Ye chosen seed of Israel’s race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,

3 Sinners, whose love can ne’er forget
The wormwood and the gall,
The wormwood and the gall,
Go, spread your trophies at His feet,

4 Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,

5 O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
We at His feet may fall!
We’ll join the everlasting song,

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 1-2
