*Open Heaven 21 November 2023 TOPIC: A Pure Heart*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.” – Isaiah 1:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Ephesians 5:26-27 (KJV)

26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,

27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.

*MESSAGE*
Purity means ‘No contamination’. This also stems from the definition of purity we discussed yesterday. When something else comes into a material, it is no longer pure. All children of God must love Him with all their heart. Once any part of your heart is given to any other object apart from God, that object is a contaminant and must be removed immediately.

Every little contamination is dangerous. I gave an illustration many years ago in one of my books As Pure Light, that if there is a big bucket of absolutely pure water that a group of people want to drink from, then a very little drop of faeces from a baby’s diaper drops into it – even if it is just a bit, would they still drink it? The big bucket of clean water becomes contaminated the moment faeces drops into it irrespective of the quantity. The water would no longer be pure and no one would want to drink from it.

In John 14:30, the devil came, examined Jesus Christ from top to bottom and discovered that He was pure; without any contamination whatsoever. That is the testimony I want to have also: that when the devil examines me, I will be able to say, “The devil found no contamination in me”. What about you?

In (1 Timothy 5:22), Paul was advising Timothy:

Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men’s sins: keep thyself pure.

Don’t get contaminated by other people’s sins; keep yourself pure. You can be contaminated by other people’s sin when you partake in it. For example, anyone who watches pornography is partaking in other people’s sins. When you and some people do something wrong and one of them tells a lie to cover the entire group and you say, “After all I am not the one that lied”, you are partaking in someone else’s sin and that has contaminated you. In Proverbs 1:10, we are advised: “My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not”. If sinners entice you to come and be a partaker of their sins, run away. There is a congregation called the congregation of the dead (Proverbs 21:16). If you are found amongst them, you are like them already.

*ACTION POINT*
Stay pure; stay away from contaminants.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 21 November 2023 HYMN 28 – What Can Wash Away My Stain?

1 What can wash away my stain?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Refrain:
Oh! precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow!
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

2 For my pardon this I see;
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my cleansing this my plea:
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

3 Nothing can for sin atone,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus:
Naught of good that I have done,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

4 This is all my hope and peace:
Nothing but the blood of Jesus:
This is all my righteousness
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Acts 22-23
