*Open Heaven 22 August 2023 TOPIC: When God Calls You 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,” – 2 Timothy 1:9 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Peter 4:7-11 (KJV)

7 But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.

8 And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.

9 Use hospitality one to another without grudging.

10 As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.

11 If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.

*MESSAGE*
After God has called you to salvation, the next call is to join Him in redeeming the world. Now, you must note that He doesn’t only call people from the altar but from all walks of life to serve Him in various capacities. For example, He can call some to join Him in the technology field because He wants to use technology as a tool to reach the unsaved.

His agenda goes beyond the altar into the everyday lives of people. God is not a Sunday-Sunday God. He is God every single day and so He is using people to accomplish His agenda daily. Pastors don’t reserve the right to be used by God. As far as you are born again – whether you are in business, arts and entertainment or even in fashion, God can use you in that field to fulfil His will. He said in Colossians 3:17: “And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.”

Thus, whatever it is that you do, make sure you are doing it in the name of Jesus Christ. When you do something in the name of someone, it means it is not you but the fellow being represented that’s doing it. In other words, when God calls you to an industry, you are not to go there to do your will but His. His agenda is already set; all He does when He calls you is to join Him in bringing it to pass. Thus, when you feel Him pulling you to work for Him in a certain field of life, then you must ask Him what His agenda is concerning that thing you are to do. Everything you do must be in line with His agenda. You should also note that you are His representative there and you must not do what He Himself wouldn’t.

As a reward for answering the call to join Him in His redemptive work in the world, God makes sure that all things work together for your good.

And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. – Romans 8:28

Once you are called according to His purpose and you answer that call, all things will begin to work together for your good.

*PRAYER POINT*
God called you to that industry to do His will; represent Him well.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 22 August 2023 HYMN 7: I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Lamentations 1-2
