*Open Heaven 22 December 2023 TOPIC: God’s Banking System*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name’s sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.” – Matthew 19:29 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Corinthians 9:6-8 (KJV)

6 But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.

7 Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.

8 And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:

*MESSAGE*
God’s banking system is a unique one. It is not like the banks we have in the world, where you have to deposit money before you can withdraw. The banking system of the world deducts interests and fees such that you would only be able to withdraw less than the amount you deposited. In God’s banking system, all you need is a relationship with Him – the Owner and you can get permission to withdraw from His bank. For some, He could give unlimited access to withdrawals, for some, He could give as much as they can carry per time, while for yet another set, He would just let them withdraw what they need per time. I don’t know about you, but I want Him to give me unlimited access to withdraw from His bank.

In 1 Kings 17:8-16, there is the case of a widow who gave her last meal to the prophet of God and from that day on, for over three years, there was abundant supply of food in her house every single day. That was unlimited withdrawal. In 2 Kings 4:1-7, there was another widow who was in serious need. The Lord granted her access to withdraw oil from His bank and as soon as she had filled all the vessels she had, the supply of oil stopped. That was withdrawal according to her capacity. In Matthew 17:24-27, when some people asked Peter for Jesus’ tax, the Lord told Peter to go fishing and pick money for their taxes from the mouth of the first fish he would catch. That was a case of withdrawal according to the need at hand.

My Father-in-the-Lord – Pa Josiah Akindayomi, the founder of the Redeemed Christian Church of God told how, one day, he cried to God for provision of food and the Lord said, “Tell your wife that from that pot of soup, she should just go on dishing every day, but she must not look inside”. He told his wife what the Lord had said and from that day, there was unlimited supply of all kinds of soup from the pot, until the day she was overcome by curiosity. She looked into the pot and found it empty. This was also withdrawal according to the need at hand.

Beloved, to be able to make withdrawals from God’s bank, you must first and foremost establish a relationship with Him by accepting Jesus as your Lord and saviour.

*PRAYER POINT*
If you want God’s unlimited resources, you should be ready to give Him your limited resources.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 22 December 2023 HYMN 26 – There Shall Be Showers Of Blessing

1 There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.

Refrain:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

2 There shall be showers of blessing:
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

3 There shall be showers of blessing:
Send them upon us, Oh Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come and now honour Thy Word.

4 There shall be showers of blessing:
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now, as to God, we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Peter 1-5, 2 Peter 1-3
