*Open Heaven 22 February 2024 TOPIC: Where Will You End Up?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.” – Ecclesiastes 7:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Luke 16:19-31 (KJV)

19 There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:

20 And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,

21 And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man’s table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.

22 And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham’s bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;

23 And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.

24 And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.

25 But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented.

26 And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.

27 Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father’s house:

28 For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.

29 Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.

30 And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent.

31 And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.

*MESSAGE*
Many people that are living in the world today are carried away by the pleasures of sin. They think they are living the life now, but they have forgotten that they should be more concerned with their end than their present state. The time we have on earth is like a passing wind. There is a place where everyone will report to when they close their eyes in death, and we will all be in that place for eternity. My question to you now is, when you get to eternity, on what side will you be, on the side of heaven or hell?

The Bible says that when the Lord shall return, He is going to separate the people into two; the sheep will be on His right-hand side and the goats on the left (Matthew 25:31-46). Ask yourself sincerely, “Which side of God will I be at the end?” It is not where I am now that matters most, but where I will end up in eternity. One reason I am not afraid of death is because I am sure that dying in this world only gives me access to the eternal presence of God in heaven. If you are not sure where you will go when you leave this world, then you should be afraid of death. The interesting thing is, whether you fear death or not, everyone has an appointment with it that cannot be missed. When that day comes, I hope you will be on the right-hand side of God.

If you are standing for God now, please keep standing. Pray to God that He keeps you standing unto the end because it doesn’t matter how long anyone may have served God, if he backslides and death catches up with him in his backslidden state, he will perish in hell as we see in Ezekiel 18:24:

But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die.

On the other hand, someone may have been a sinner all his life, but close to when he is to die, if he repents and begins to live like Christ, that fellow will make it to heaven at the end (Ezekiel 18:21-22). It is only those who endure unto the end that will be saved (Matthew 24:13).

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, Jude 1:24 says that You are the One that can keep a person from falling. Please keep me standing unto the end, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 22 February 2024 HYMN 28 – Guide Me, O Thou Great Jehovah

1 Guide me, O my great Redeemer,
pilgrim through this barren land;
I am weak, but you are mighty;
hold me with your powerful hand.
Bread of heaven, bread of heaven,
feed me now and evermore,
feed me now and evermore.

2 Open now the crystal fountain,
where the healing waters flow.
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
lead me all my journey through.
Strong Deliverer, strong Deliverer,
ever be my strength and shield,
ever be my strength and shield.

3 When I tread the verge of Jordan,
bid my anxious fears subside.
Death of death, and hell’s Destruction,
land me safe on Canaan’s side.
Songs of praises, songs of praises
I will ever sing to you,
I will ever sing to you.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 3-4
