*Open Heaven 22 March 2024 TOPIC: Seek God First*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;” – Psalm 63:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 63:1-8 (KJV)

1 O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;

2 To see thy power and thy glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary.

3 Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee.

4 Thus will I bless thee while I live: I will lift up my hands in thy name.

5 My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:

6 When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches.

7 Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.

8 My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me.

*MESSAGE*
The story I shared yesterday reminds me of three Ugandan boys I met at the Christian programme in Kenya. Those boys were probably hungrier for God than any of us at that programme. During break times, while everyone was buying sandwiches, those three boys would sit together, singing praises to God. I asked why they never ate when everyone else ate, and they responded that food was not their concern. Firstly, they had no money to buy food. Secondly, they said they were praying to return safely and not get arrested or even executed by the then-Ugandan military ruler upon their return. For three days, they had eaten nothing and were just glad to be there. For the rest of our stay, whatever little I had, I shared with them. I told them to write to me when they got back home safely, and they did to the glory of God.

Your hunger for God should be such that you won’t even remember to eat when it is time to seek Him. You should be so hungry for God that you are willing to risk your life just to know Him more. I get amazed anytime we call a fast, and some people grumble. They are not hungry for God enough to fast for just a few days in the year to draw closer to Him.

In the 1970s, I used to gather some RCCG youths in a place called ‘Youth Camp’. Accommodation and feeding were usually included in our payment for the venue, but people rarely cared to eat after the sessions. I usually had to beg them to eat so we would not waste the food. They didn’t care much for food, they only wanted the word of God. Jeremiah 15:16 says:

Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O Lord God of hosts.

What exactly are the things you are hungry for? Food? Fame? Money? Put them all aside and let your hunger and thirst every day be for God. Matthew 6:33 says:

But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.

Beloved, please get your priorities right. David, in our Bible reading today, said that his soul will follow hard after God. Can you say the same for yourself?

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, let there be an insatiable hunger for You in my heart.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 22 March 2024 HYMN 8 – I Need Thee Every Hour

1 I need Thee every hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Chorus
I need Thee, oh, I need Thee;
Every hour I need Thee;
Oh, bless me now, my Savior!
I come to Thee.

2 I need Thee every hour,
Stay Thou near by;
Temptations lose their power
When Thou art nigh.

3 I need Thee every hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

4 I need Thee every hour,
Teach me Thy will;
And Thy rich promises
In me fulfill.

5 I need Thee every hour,
Most Holy One;
Oh, make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 4-7
