*Open Heaven 22 October 2023 TOPIC: Pay Your Vows*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed.” – Ecclesiastes 5:4 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Ecclesiastes 5:4-7 (KJV)

4 When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed.

5 Better is it that thou shouldest not vow, than that thou shouldest vow and not pay.

6 Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?

7 For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God.

*MESSAGE*
Psalm 50:14-15 says that when you pay your vows, you can call on God in the day of trouble, and He will answer. In other words, if you make a vow and you fail to redeem it, do not be surprised if you call on God in the day of trouble and He does not answer you. Today, many Christians just make vows casually. Many a time, even when making the vow, they have no intention of paying it. Don’t postpone the payment of your vow when you can do it now. God sees those who do that as fools.

A vow is like a deal. When you make a deal with someone and you don’t fulfil your part of it, it is like stealing from that person. It is foolish to try to steal from God because what you are keeping away was provided by Him in the first place. If you made a deal with God, fulfil your part speedily. Worse still, some people make vows because they want the Pastor to pray for them at that moment, without any intention to fulfil it. How can you lie to God to receive blessings from Him? Is that not the height of foolishness?

Once you make a vow to God and the devil sees that you want to pay that vow, he will start telling you to defer it to later, saying that you don’t have enough yet or that God understands. Don’t listen to his lies so that God doesn’t see you as a fool.

One interesting thing about fulfilling a vow made to God is that the One you made it to has the ability to give you far more than you have promised to give Him. If you fulfil your vow, He would pour His blessings on you, but if you refuse to, He would also withhold what He would have given you in return. Hannah made a vow to God that she would give Him her son if He would bless her with one. This was after many painful years of waiting, and she didn’t know if she would ever have another child again. Imagine her holding her child in her hands at last and then giving the child over to God. Going back home without her child must have been a great sacrifice. She did it because that was her vow, and God gave her five more children in return (1 Samuel 2:21). Job 22:27-29 says it is those who pay their vows that can decree a thing, and it is established. It is foolishness not to pay your vows.

*ACTION POINT*
Pay your vows today and ask for God’s mercy for those you made and never paid.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 22 October 2023 HYMN 28 – What Can Wash Away My Stain?

1 What can wash away my stain?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Refrain:
Oh! precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow!
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

2 For my pardon this I see;
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my cleansing this my plea:
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

3 Nothing can for sin atone,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus:
Naught of good that I have done,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

4 This is all my hope and peace:
Nothing but the blood of Jesus:
This is all my righteousness
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 3-4
