*Open Heaven 23 July 2023 TOPIC: God Still Speaks To His People 1*

*MEMORY VERSE:*
MEMORISE: “In Gibeon the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee.” – 1 Kings 3:5 (KJV)

*READ: Genesis 12:1-4 (KJV)*
1 Now the Lord had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father’s house, unto a land that I will shew thee:

2 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:

3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.

4 So Abram departed, as the Lord had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 32-34*

*MESSAGE:*
God still speaks to this day, but unfortunately, many people do not hear Him because they are too busy with the affairs of life. The painful thing is that people do not know what they are missing by not listening to their Maker. In today’s text, we read about Abraham’s encounter with the Almighty God.

“Now the Lord had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father’s house, unto a land that I will shew thee” – Genesis 12:1

There are some lessons we can learn from this singular encounter that changed Abraham’s life. One, God discovered the love and sincerity of Abraham so He revealed Himself to him. This love for God was demonstrated in his positive and prompt response to God’s command to leave his father’s house. Another lesson is that the dialogue between God and Abraham did not contain commands alone; it was backed by eternal blessings. The Bible says, “So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God” (Romans 10:17). Abraham became the father of faith because the word of God penetrated his heart. In the Scripture from where we took the memory verse, we read of the encounter of Solomon with the Almighty God. During that divine encounter, God gave Solomon a blank cheque and this is a typical privilege enjoyed by those who have such dialogues with God.

In Gibeon the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee” – 1 Kings 3:5

To be genuine children of God, we must surrender completely to all His commandments. This is where many people often miss it – they are not ready to obey God fully. They want freedom from His commandments; they want to take over the affairs of this life without any recourse to God Almighty. I encourage you to give your life to Jesus Christ today. Seek His face without ceasing – not just what He has to give and you will receive great revelations from Him that will transform your life for good.

*PRAYER POINT:*
Father, please speak to me today and always.

*Open Heaven 23 July 2023 HYMN 3: Ancient words*
1 Holy words long preserved
For our walk in this world
They resound with God’s own heart
Oh, let the ancient words impart

2 Words of life, words of hope
Give us strength, help us cope
In this world, where e’er we roam
Ancient words will guide us home

3 Holy words of our faith
Handed down to this age
Came to us through sacrifice
Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ

4 Holy words long preserved
For our walk in this world
They resound with God’s own heart
Oh, let the ancient words impart
