*Open Heaven 23 March 2024 TOPIC: Cancelling Curses*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:” – Galatians 3:13 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Genesis 49:5-7, Numbers 3:44-45 (KJV)

Genesis 49:5-75 Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.

6 O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honour, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their selfwill they digged down a wall.

7 Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.

Numbers 3:44-4544 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,

45 Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the Lord.

*MESSAGE*
There are many people walking around with curses that they do not have to carry. There are families suffering under curses that they no longer have to suffer. Beloved, if you are in such a situation, I bring good news to you. Curses placed by men can be cancelled, and I pray for you today that all curses placed on you are cancelled, in Jesus’ name.

In Joshua 6:26, Joshua placed a curse on Jericho and from that moment on, the people of Jericho suffered under the curse. Many prophets came and went, but the people of Jericho continued to suffer in silence under the curse. At last, when Elijah was taken away, they realised that if they didn’t do something about the curse, their land would remain barren, and death would be rampant amongst them forever. So, they called on Elisha to help them. In 2 Kings 2:19-22, Elisha said, “Go and bring me salt in a new cruse.” They brought it to him, and he took it in his hands, went to the source of their river, poured in the salt and said, “Thus saith the Lord, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from thence any more death or barren land.” From that day, the curse was cancelled.

Any curse on your life or family can also be cancelled today if you refuse to continue living under it. All you need is a person with a higher power and anointing to break the curse. If the curse was placed by your biological father, you can go to your spiritual father, and he can cancel the curse. This is because the spiritual controls the physical. Also, if it was placed by a man or woman of God, go to a minister of God who has a greater anointing than that fellow, and he or she can cancel the curse. If the curse was placed by a witch or wizard, an anointed man or woman of God can cancel it because the anointing breaks yokes (Isaiah 10:27).

Beloved, you must, however, also note that beyond going to any man or woman of God to cancel curses on your behalf, you must seek God’s anointing as well. You must pray, fast, study your Bible, and fellowship with God so much that you begin to carry His glory and power. When you do this, no curse can rest on you. If God is with you like He was with the Israelites in Numbers 24, you will be blessed, and no curse will be able to rest on you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Those who remain close to God can never be cursed.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 23 March 2024 HYMN 1 – All Hail The Power Of Jesus’ Name

1 All hail the pow’r of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostrate fall,
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him,
crown Him, crown Him;
And crown Him Lord of all!

2 Ye chosen seed of Israel’s race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,

3 Sinners, whose love can ne’er forget
The wormwood and the gall,
The wormwood and the gall,
Go, spread your trophies at His feet,

4 Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,

5 O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
We at His feet may fall!
We’ll join the everlasting song,

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 8-12
