*Open Heaven 23 October 2023 TOPIC: How Will It End?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.” – Ecclesiastes 7:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Galatians 6:7-10 (KJV)

7 Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.

8 For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.

9 And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.

10 As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.

*MESSAGE*
When you are about to take any action, one thing that should always be on your mind is not the benefit you would get from doing it, but what the end of it would be, in line with God’s word. For example, you may see an opportunity to earn extra money by cheating someone, but stop and think about what the Bible says would be the end of those who cheat, as seen in Deuteronomy 25:15.

There was somebody who sold land to us around the Redemption Camp some time ago. We had paid for the land, but then he suddenly said he was taking it back. I advised him against such an action, then he began to chant incantations, claiming that, “The vulture eats rituals with impunity”. I laughed and said, “Of all the birds in the world, you want to compare yourself to the vulture? You want your life to be like that of the vulture- looking haggard and terrible?”

After some back and forth between us during which he accused me of wanting to put a curse on him, he said, “Let me tell you, I am the eagle who eats cursed meals and still becomes fat”. I told him to go and ask the elders how eagles die. Hunters normally don’t get to kill an eagle because it flies so high so they usually can’t reach it when it is young and strong. It would swoop in, pick your chicken, and no matter how much you curse it, it would not be bothered. However, when the eagle gets old and isn’t as fast as it used to be, little birds would begin to tease it. The eagle usually dies of hunger in old age. It is the end that matters.

After about four years, during which time the man had sold our land to other people and made a lot of money out of it, he developed a strange medical condition that made his stomach so huge that when he stood, his stomach could touch the ground.

Beware what you do today because, God cannot be mocked; whatsoever you sow, you will reap (Galatians 6:71). You may say, “What about the people we see around who cheat others, yet keep getting rich?” David wondered the same thing and God gave him the answer in Psalm 73:3-20.

Don’t be one of those who will have such a disgraceful end.

*PRAYER POINT*
It is better to climb up steadily and honestly than to engage in schemes that will end in destruction

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 23 October 2023 HYMN 28 – Blessed Assurance

1 Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Refrain:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long.

2 Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight,
Angels descending, bring from above;
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

3 Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Saviour am happy and blessed,
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 5-6
