*Open Heaven 23 September 2023 TOPIC: Rebuke The Devil*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and the light shall shine upon thy ways.” – Job 22:28 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Corinthians 10:3-6 (KJV)

3 For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:

4 (For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)

5 Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;

6 And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.

*MESSAGE*
Following the discussion we began yesterday, it is not only witches, wizards and witch doctors who can try to hinder a person’s destiny; sicknesses can also.

Many people remain sick because they are tolerating sickness. You must rebuke sickness in your body. Hosea 4:6 says, “My people perish for lack of knowledge”. Now that you know the truth, you can tell sickness, “How dare you attack me, a child of the Original Physician? My Daddy says in Exodus 15:26 that He is the Lord that healeth me, so I am healed in Jesus’ name”.

When you know who you are in Christ, it affects how you behave. If you are the son of a messenger, you would talk differently from the child of the President. Your Father is not just the President – He is the President of all the presidents in the whole world (Psalm 24:7-10). He is the One about whom Philippians 2:9-11 says that, at His name, every knee bows. It is unfortunate that many Christians have the name but don’t use it. You must rebuke demons. Tell them, “How dare you fool around with me. I am the child of the Lord of hosts”. If you do that, you will get every demon out of your household today. The Bible made it clear that if you are truly a child of the living God, you shouldn’t even fail. Philippians 4:13 says you can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens you.

You can rebuke the devil Himself. James 4:7 says if you submit yourself to God, you will resist the devil, and he will flee from you. When you know who you really are in Christ, your confidence shows in how you pray. For example, if someone is in the bathroom and you knock at the door, the way the fellow inside answers would tell you whether it is the messenger in the house or the landlord that is in there. While they could both say the same thing, the confidence level in their respective voices would differ.

You must speak to the devil as someone who knows that you have the greater One inside of you (1 John 4:4) and he will flee from you.

*PRAYER POINT*
I decree today: Sickness, demons and every other agent of the devil, take your dirty hands away from my life, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 23 September 2023 HYMN 25 – The Great Physician Now Is Near

1 The great Physician now is near,
The sympathising Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus.

Refrain:
Sweetest note in seraph song,
Sweetest name on mortal tongue;
Sweetest carol ever sung,
Jesus, blessed Jesus.

2 Your many sins are all forgiven,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus;
Go on your way in peace to heaven,
And wear a crown with Jesus.

3 All glory to the risen Lamb!
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Saviour’s name,
I love the name of Jesus.

4 His name dispels my guilt and fear,
No other name but Jesus;
Oh! how my soul delights to hear
The charming name of Jesus.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Micah 5-7
