*Open Heaven 24 December 2023 TOPIC: Don’t Write Them Off*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.” – 1 Timothy 1:15 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Timothy 1:15-16 (KJV)

15 This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.

16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.

*MESSAGE*
God works in mysterious ways. Sometimes, the people He chooses to be His representatives are people whom others might have written off as failures. You may have a family member who is known as the black sheep of the family. Don’t write the fellow off; he or she could be the one God will use to turn things around for the better in the family. Keep praying for such a person and do all you can within the will of God to bring him or her to Christ.

In Mark 5:1-20, the mad man of Gadara was living in tombs with dead people. His family members and even the entire city had written him off as someone whom no good thing could come out of, but in a day, God turned that mad man to an evangelist. In Acts 19:11-12, God was using the aprons and handkerchiefs of a former persecutor of Jesus Christ to heal the sick and cast out demons. The sweat of that same man now carried so much power that it could bring deliverance to people. In Acts 5:14-16, we saw God using the shadow of a failed fisherman to heal the sick. This God who can turn a mad man to an evangelist, who can so empower a terrorist that the sweat coming from him can heal, who can use the shadow of a failed fisherman to heal the sick is the same yesterday, today and forever (Hebrews 13:8). He can do the same for that fellow that everyone has given up on.

I know how far gone in the world I was before the Lord saved my soul. I have always said it that if I were God, I would not have saved Adeboye. I was a chronic sinner, but God saved me and is now using me to do great things. He can do the same for that fellow who people have given up on.

A Muslim convert came to one of our services during which I said the garments worn by everyone there were all anointed. He went home rejoicing. One day, he decided to wear the anointed garment for an interview so that he would find favour. On the way, the bus he boarded had an accident and caught fire. All the other passengers got burnt to death. The man had a few burns only on the parts of his body not covered by the garment. Thank God somebody did not give up on him and led him to Christ.

Don’t write off anyone.

*PRAYER POINT*
Don’t write that troublesome family member off; God can still turn him or her around from that poor spiritual state to an elevated one in His Kingdom.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 23 December 2023 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

2 But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

3 Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 2 John 1, 3 John 1, Jude 1
