*Open Heaven 24 July 2023 TOPIC: God Still Speaks To His People 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets” – Hebrews 1:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Hebrews 1:1-2 (KJV)
1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,

2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, we started discussing the reality of God still speaking to His people, even to this present moment. In today’s text, we read that though God spoke to His people through His prophets, now He speaks through His Son, Jesus Christ. This is made possible through the Holy Spirit whom Jesus sent to the Church right from the day of Pentecost. He promised:

But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. – John 14:26

God still speaks to His people; no doubt about that. We must however, pay close attention to the later part of the sentence – “to His people”. In other words, God speaks only to His people. Why only His people? It is because it is His people who hearken and act on His words. God has no time to waste talking to those who will not do His bidding. This is why Jesus Christ was fond of speaking to His disciples, whom He knew would abide by His words. He said further:

He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. – John 14:21

Beloved, there are a lot of blessings for those who hear from God. One of these blessings is that such people would avoid mistakes. For example, the word of God to the people in Cornelius’ household was based on Peter’s ability to hear from God and his obedience to the instructions given to him (Acts 10). In the same vein, Philip’s ability to hear from God took him to the Gazan desert where he gained the soul of the Ethiopian eunuch (Acts 8:26-39).

For example, hearing from God can reveal the type of business you can do to prosper. It can also help you know where to go, live, or what type of friends you should keep. If you desire to hear from God directly, you must give your life to Christ and live wholly for Him.

*PRAYER POINT*
Have you been hearkening and living according to His words?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 24 July 2023 HYMN 23 Take My Life, And Let It Be
1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in endless praise,
Let them flow in endless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will and make it Thine,
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 35-37
