*Open Heaven 24 October 2023 TOPIC: The Purpose Of Prosperity*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;” – 1 Timothy 6:17 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Timothy 6:17-19 (KJV)

17 Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;

18 That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;

19 Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.

*MESSAGE*
One of the major benefits of being a child of God is prosperity. Deuteronomy 8:18 says that God gives us the power to get wealth. In (3 John 2), He says clearly: “Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.”

One thing is clear from these Scriptures: God wants us to be prosperous. (2 Corinthians 8:9) even says that Jesus became poor so that we can be rich. The question now is: why does God want His children to prosper?

Firstly, no father would want his children to suffer. His children suffering would make him look like an irresponsible father. God wants you to prosper simply because you are His child. Psalm 128:1-2 backs this up: “Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his ways. For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands: happy shalt thou be, and it shall be well with thee.”

After you have become prosperous however, God wants you to use that wealth to build His Kingdom. Zechariah 1:17 said: “Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem.”

After God has prospered you, He expects you to use that prosperity to spread the gospel of His Kingdom abroad. He expects you to do things to advance His kingdom on earth and win more souls for Him. This means that if you are prosperous and not sponsoring Kingdom projects, then you need to have a change of mind. You need to be more concerned about using your money for God than for any other thing.

David wondered how he could be living in a palace, when his God is being worshipped in a tent (2 Samuel 7:2). This made him set out to build a temple for God. He was so determined to spend for God that even when God told him not to build the temple, he did not keep his money to himself; rather, he provided everything that Solomon needed to build it. If you have this kind of heart, you would see how God will promote and bless you even more than you can imagine.

*PRAYER POINT*
God prospers His children so that they can use the prosperity to spread the gospel of Christ abroad.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 24 October 2023 HYMN 13 – Jesus Loves Me, This I Know

1 Jesus loves me, this I know,
For the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to Him belong;
They are weak, but He is strong.

Refrain:
Yes, Jesus loves me! Yes, Jesus loves me!
Yes, Jesus loves me! The Bible tells me so.

2 Jesus loves me He who died,
Heaven’s gate to open wide,
He will wash away my sin,
Let His little child come in.

3 Jesus loves me, loves me still,
Tho’ I’m very weak and ill
From His shining throne on high
He will watch me where I lie.

4 Jesus loves me He will stay
Close beside me all the way,
If I love Him when I die
He will take me home on high.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 7-8
