*Open Heaven 25 December 2023 TOPIC: Make Heaven Rejoice*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.” – Luke 15:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 15:8 (KJV)

8 Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.

*MESSAGE*
Today is Christmas Day and I am sure many Christians around the world are celebrating and planning to eat some ‘Christmas chicken’. This is fine, but please don’t forget to give the Celebrant of the day His own ‘Christmas chicken’ too – something He can also celebrate about. Our memory verse for today says there is rejoicing in heaven over every soul who comes to Christ. If you win a soul, then a feast would be declared in heaven because of you.

All Jesus wants is for His coming to the world (which we are celebrating today) not to be in vain. Tell someone about Christ during this season. When you post pictures on social media, add a message there that you know will hit unbelievers. When you give to the poor during this season, chip in a message about the gospel. When you are sending celebratory messages out, put something about salvation in it. I will give you templates you can adopt or adapt here:

For text messages to loved ones: Merry Christmas. Today, we celebrate the first coming of Jesus Christ when He came to give us salvation. Very soon, He will be back again to take His children to heaven. If He comes tomorrow, will you be raptured with Him or left behind?

For social media: Today is a beautiful day because we are celebrating the birth of the Saviour of the world. I am assured of spending eternity in heaven because I gave my life to Him and I live holy. Where will you be spending eternity when rapture takes place? Confess Him as your Lord and Saviour today.

For everyone that will send these messages or a variation of them, you will make heaven rejoice today. I don’t think there is a better way to celebrate Christmas than to please the One we are celebrating, and believe me honestly, Jesus will smile at you today for doing this. As for me, Christmas and Easter are major periods for evangelism. I am always out giving heaven reasons to rejoice on these days and in return, Jesus has been giving me reasons to rejoice also. Don’t you want the same? Merry Christmas.

*PRAYER POINT*
Don’t forget to give the Celebrant of today what He really wants.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 25 December 2023 HYMN 14 – O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,
Day I will never forget;
After I’d wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart!

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory fill my soul,
When at the cross my Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away
And my night was tuned to day
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God’s family divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it’s because of that wonderful day
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Revelation 1-3
