*Open Heaven 25 February 2024 TOPIC: A Call To Multiplication*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;” – Isaiah 54:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Isaiah 54:2-3 (KJV)

2 Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;

3 For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.

*MESSAGE*
Many people receive the call of God, start walking in that call, and when they experience a little breakthrough, they settle for that as the best they can achieve. That is not the assignment that Jesus gave to us when He was leaving the earth; He said we are to take the gospel from Jerusalem (your immediate environment) to Judea, to Samaria, and to the uttermost parts of the world (Acts 1:8). God is interested in the multiplication of your impact around the world. Don’t stop until you win the whole world for Christ.

Isaac didn’t just grow to become great, the Bible says he kept on moving forward (Genesis 26:12-13). Apostle Paul said He was constantly pressing on; in Philippians 3:13-14, he said:

Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

If I had listened to people who said that I had ‘arrived’ many years ago, the impact that RCCG has made today would never have happened. I tell such people, “Thank you, I haven’t even started yet.” I remember over 30 years ago when someone came into my office during a period when I was fasting for 40 days. He saw me lying there, weak because I had not eaten for weeks and he said, “What else are you looking for that you stress yourself so much? Your auditorium is the biggest in Africa, what else do you want?” Imagine if I had listened to such, maybe you would never have heard of Adeboye today.

You are not only to multiply in the impact you make in the world, but you are also to multiply in your knowledge of the One who sent you. The strength with which you got to where you are today is not enough to take you to the next level.

Jesus Christ gave an open invitation to anyone who thirsted to come unto Him and drink from Him. He went further to say that if such a fellow also believes on Him, rivers of living water will flow out of his or her belly (John 7:37-38). You need to keep drinking from Him if you want to keep multiplying. The deeper you go in God, the more He can commit to you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Don’t settle on any level of achievement, keep pressing on until you win the whole world for Christ.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 25 February 2024 HYMN 26 – There Shall Be Showers Of Blessing

1 There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Savior above.

Refrain
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

2 There shall be showers of blessing
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

3 There shall be showers of blessing;
Send them upon us, O Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come, and now honor Thy Word.

4 There shall be showers of blessing;
O that today they might fall,
Now as to God we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

5 There shall be showers of blessing,
If we but trust and obey;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
If we let God have His way.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 12-15
