*Open Heaven 25 March 2024 TOPIC: You Have No Choice 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.” – John 15:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 15:1-16 (KJV)

1 I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.

2 Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.

3 Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.

4 Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.

5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.

6 If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.

7 If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.

8 Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.

9 As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.

10 If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love.

11 These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.

12 This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.

13 Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.

14 Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.

15 Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.

16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

*MESSAGE*
There are many people who become born again and say that they don’t want to preach the gospel. They think that as long as they don’t backslide, they are fine. This is a fallacy. You have joined yourself to the Vine, and John 15:2 states clearly that every branch that is joined to the Vine must bear fruit. It is a must to bear fruit if you want to continue to be a part of the Vine.

Do you want to be a part of the Vine? You must do the work of an evangelist. Backsliding as a believer does not only start with drawing away from God and committing sin. Refusal to preach the gospel is also a form of backsliding. John 15:6 tells us that any branch the Father cuts off is going straight into the fire.

Some people who preach about unlimited grace usually say that once you are born again, nothing can ever send you to hell; I disagree completely with this theology. When people become born again, they become a part of the Vine, but if they do not produce fruits, they will be cut off from the Vine. When a person is cut off from the Vine, he or she will dry up, and men will gather whatever is left to be thrown into the fire – that is clearly what the word of God says. So, in your own interest, make sure you are bearing fruits for the Most High God.

Another reason you must win souls is so that your prayers can be answered. John 15:16 says:

But I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

I don’t know if you have observed that it appears as if God often sends the answers to the prayers of baby Christians relatively promptly. You probably experienced those prompt responses to your prayers when you freshly became born again, but now, does it appear as if you sometimes command mountains to move, and it seems like they refuse to yield? Has God changed? Does He no longer fulfil His promises? Why then are your answers being delayed? It just might be because you have not been winning souls.

*ACTION POINT*
Pick up your phone and share the gospel with at least one person through a phone call, text message or any other means.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 25 March 2024 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Chorus
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow’r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I yet may know
Ere Thee face to face I see;
There are heights of joy that I yet may reach
Ere I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 15-16
