*Open Heaven 26 August 2023 TOPIC: About Predestination*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.” – Romans 8:30 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Romans 8:29-33 (KJV)

29 For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.

30 Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.

31 What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?

32 He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?

33 Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God’s elect? It is God that justifieth.

*MESSAGE*
Before you were born, God knew you (Jeremiah 1:4-5). He not only knows your beginning, He knows your end too (Jeremiah 29:11). Some people call this destiny. Many believe that people’s fates are decided by God no matter what they do. If you pay attention to the first part of our bible reading today, you will see the word, ‘Foreknow’. Your destiny is determined by His knowledge of the things you will do and the decisions you will make throughout your lifetime. In other words, your destiny is ultimately decided by you.

If God tells you your destiny now, it is based on all the knowledge He has about you. For example, God knows all that you have done in the past. In 2 Kings 5:20-27, when Gehazi collected Naaman’s gifts secretly, Elisha didn’t leave the house, but he saw everything. Gehazi lied about what he had done and became destined to be a leper and a father of lepers. What you have done in the past and what you are doing now are good pointers to your destiny.

God also knows what you are going to do tomorrow. This explains Romans 9:10-14, where the Bible says that before Esau and Jacob were born, God had already loved Jacob and hated Esau. People may say that is unfair, but God already knew in advance what would happen in Genesis 25:29-34 – that Esau would love his stomach more than his birthright.

Now you may say, “Since He knows my future, that means it is already fixed; no matter how hard I try, what will be will be”. No, that is not correct. In Daniel 2:20-21, the Bible says God changes times. He can rearrange your future. Don’t forget that He is Supreme and can do as He pleases. The fact that you are alive today reading this particular message means there is hope for you to end well. In Luke 23:39-43, a criminal on his way to hell got salvation at the last minute. Jesus Christ rearranged His destiny and he ended up in heaven. If you sincerely cry to God today, confess your past and present sins while determining to live holy henceforth, He can rearrange your future and make sure that you have a glorious destiny; it is all in your own hands.

*PRAYER POINT*
Your destiny is in your hands.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 26 August 2023 HYMN 23: Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in endless praise,
Let them flow in endless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will and make it Thine,
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 9-12
