*Open Heaven 26 July 2023 TOPIC: Fear God 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy;” – Psalm 33:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 96:1-9 (KJV)

1 O sing unto the Lord a new song: sing unto the Lord, all the earth.

2 Sing unto the Lord, bless his name; shew forth his salvation from day to day.

3 Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people.

4 For the Lord is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.

5 For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the Lord made the heavens.

6 Honour and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.

7 Give unto the Lord, O ye kindreds of the people, give unto the Lord glory and strength.

8 Give unto the Lord the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come into his courts.

9 O worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth.

*MESSAGE*
We started discussing the fear of the Lord yesterday and today we will look at some of the blessings that come to those who fear Him. Our memory verse says:

Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy. – Psalm 33:18

The Scripture above reveals a very huge blessing that comes from fearing God. The blessing is that the eye of the Lord will be upon everyone that fears God. This revelation implies several great things amongst which is that when the eye of the Lord is upon an individual, safety is guaranteed. Hebrews 11:6 says that God is the rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. The Bible further says: “The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good” (Proverbs 15:3). In other words, the eye of the Lord sees everything – even the plans and moves of the wicked who want to harm you and He knows how to deal with them.

In today’s Bible text we are enjoined to fear the Lord above all gods because they are ordinary works of men (Psalm 96:4-5). We should also note that some people have made human beings their gods – probably for fear of what these people could do to them. Psalm 56:11 however, says: “In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me”. Psalm 118:6 says also, “The Lord is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?” Our Lord Jesus Christ taught us to fear God and not man (Matthew 10:28).

Another demonstration of the fear of the Lord is in verse nine of our text: “O worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness: fear before him, all the earth”. There is no true worship of God without holiness. This is where those who overstretch grace miss it. Obedience is synonymous with holiness and the Scripture says to obey is better than sacrifice (1 Samuel 15:22). Therefore, we must watch out for our worship – whether it is premised on the fear of the Lord or mere hypocrisy. As you commit to fear the Lord at all times, His presence will never depart from you, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please put Your fear in me and let me receive the blessings for it, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 26 July 2023 HYMN 18: Praise To The Lord, The Almighty

1 Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation;
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation;
Join the great throng,
Psaltery, organ, and song,
Sounding in glad adoration.

2 Praise to the Lord, over all things he gloriously reigneth:
Borne as on eagle-wings, safely his saints he sustaineth.
Hast thou not seen,
How all thou needest hath been,
Granted in what he ordaineth?

3 Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy way and defend thee;
Surely his goodness and mercy shall ever attend thee;
Ponder anew,
What the Almighty can do,
Who with his love doth befriend thee.

4 Praise to the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath breath join with Abraham’s seed to adore Him!
Let the Amen
Sum all our praises again,
Now as we worship before Him.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 41-43
