*Open Heaven 26 March 2024 TOPIC: Learn From Leaders*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:” – Exodus 18:19 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 18:1-24 (KJV)

1 When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses’ father in law, heard of all that God had done for Moses, and for Israel his people, and that the Lord had brought Israel out of Egypt;

2 Then Jethro, Moses’ father in law, took Zipporah, Moses’ wife, after he had sent her back,

3 And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land:

4 And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:

5 And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:

6 And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her.

7 And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the tent.

8 And Moses told his father in law all that the Lord had done unto Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel’s sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the Lord delivered them.

9 And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the Lord had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.

10 And Jethro said, Blessed be the Lord, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.

11 Now I know that the Lord is greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.

12 And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses’ father in law before God.

13 And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening.

14 And when Moses’ father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?

15 And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to enquire of God:

16 When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.

17 And Moses’ father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good.

18 Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.

19 Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:

20 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.

21 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:

22 And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.

23 If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.

24 So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said.

*MESSAGE*
Many young people these days see their elders as ‘old school’ and think that they can do without them – they are making a big mistake. I know there’s a lot of advancement in science and technology these days, and that the youth have more access to information than ever before, but no matter how many resources they have, there is one thing the elders have that they do not, and that is experience.

The elders have walked the path you are walking now and can tell you the outcome of whatever you are doing, even before you start. They have experienced far more than internet search engines can show you. Some of them have made mistakes in the past that you don’t have to make if only you let them guide you. The problem, however, is that many youths think that they are very wise, and such thoughts can put them in trouble.

There is a popular saying in Africa that what an elder sees while sitting on a chair, the child cannot see it, even if he climbs an iroko tree. I learnt a lot from the Late Pa S.G Elton though there were bits of advice he gave at the time that I thought were wrong. Today, I now know he was totally right. Thank God I listened to him. There are things about yourself that you don’t know and cannot see, but an elder will see them and advise you appropriately. Proverbs 30:12 says:

There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not washed from their filthiness.

You could think that your talent and knowledge are enough to make you successful, but an elder will point your attention to a character flaw that you must get rid of if you really want to be successful.

When you’re employed in an organisation, respect those who have been there long before you. In church, give ears to what the elders have to say. At home, don’t neglect the advice of your parents, grandparents, uncles and aunties. When you do this, they will share some of their valuable experiences with you, and with the help of the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of wisdom (Isaiah 11:2), you will be able to put all their bits of advice together wisely. This will give you an unparalleled advantage over your peers in the journey of life.

*PRAYER POINT*
The elders in your life are there to guide you with their experiences. Listen to them and honour them.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 26 March 2024 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord
in the light of his word,
what a glory he sheds on our way!
While we do his good will,
he abides with us still,
and with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey, for there’s no other way
to be happy in Jesus, but to trust and obey.

2 Not a burden we bear,
not a sorrow we share,
but our toil he doth richly repay;
not a grief or a loss,
not a frown or a cross,
but is blest if we trust and obey. [Refrain]

3 But we never can prove
the delights of his love
until all on the altar we lay;
for the favor he shows,
for the joy he bestows,
are for them who will trust and obey. [Refrain]

4 Then in fellowship sweet
we will sit at his feet,
or we’ll walk by his side in the way;
what he says we will do,
where he sends we will go;
never fear, only trust and obey. [Refrain]

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 17-18
