*Open Heaven 26 October 2023 TOPIC: No Room For Laziness 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.” – John 5:17 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Hebrews 4:8-11 (KJV)

8 For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.

9 There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.

10 For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his.

11 Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.

*MESSAGE*
Some people take the work of Christ as an excuse for being lazy. They think that because of God’s many Promises, they can relax and not work. That is a big lie. Even Paul – the Apostle of grace, worked (1 Corinthians 4:12).

Anointed as he was, he laboured with his own hands. Students who refuse to study but say: “It is written; the Holy Spirit will remind us” should note that He would only remind them of what they have studied. If you don’t study, what would He remind you of? The youths in our Churches and nations must stop looking for quick money and work diligently. You have the internet and many things that have made your work easier. Those who work hard never beg. They become strong, wealthy and very great. Don’t spend all your time on social media or watching television. The people you are watching are working hard to make something of themselves.

Many years ago, I was in my uncle’s house on a visit from school. One day, there were masquerades outside the house, and everyone watched and cheered them while I was studying inside. He came to me and said, “Won’t you go and see the masquerades?” I responded with a Yoruba proverb translated, “The person who will be watched does not go around watching people”. My uncle reminded me of that day recently because now, I am being watched. If you want to be great, you cannot be spending countless hours watching videos on social media. Get out there and work. Some people only pray and fast and then complain when things don’t get better for them. Praying and fasting are not the keys to success; they can only enhance your efforts. If you put in no effort, then what will it enhance? One million multiplied by zero is equal to zero.

One of my sons says that you must pray like you will not work and work like you will not pray. As prayerful as I am, even at my age, I wake up before the sun is up every morning to work. I don’t say because I prayed for six hours last night, then I should sleep all morning today; that is not how I got to where I am now. Believe me honestly, if you are lazy, God will not use you. He needs diligent people; that is why Hebrews 11:6 says He only rewards those who diligently seek Him.

*PRAYER POINT*
Work hard today so you would not be a slave to others tomorrow.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 26 October 2023 HYMN 19 – Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy wounded side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure;
Save from wrath and make me pure.

2 Not the labors of my hands,
Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears for ever flow,
All for sin could not atone,
Thou must save and Thou alone.

3 Nothing in my hand I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling
Naked, come to Thee for dress,
Helpless, look to Thee for grace,
Foul, I to the fountain fly;
Wash me, Saviour, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgement throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 11-12
