*Open Heaven 27 December 2023 TOPIC: Attracting God’s Blessings 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:” – Deuteronomy 28:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Deuteronomy 28:1-2 (KJV)

1 And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:

2 And all these blessings shall come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God.

*MESSAGE*
Believe it or not, you can attract so much of God’s blessings to yourself that at a point, you would say, “God this is too much”. Whether you believe that is possible or not, I decree that in the new year coming, you will be telling God, “Lord, these blessings are too many”. That will be your testimony, in Jesus’ name.

Many years ago, God asked me to sacrifice my first car and I did. After some time, somebody bought me a Mercedes Benz car. In those days, most people believed that if you are a child of God, you were to remain poor, so I locked it up in the garage. After some time, God visited me in the night and said, “Son, why are you delaying the blessings of my daughter who gave you the car? You had better use it now, because a bigger one is coming”.

At 3 a.m. one morning, a man came and said, “I couldn’t sleep; God said I should give you my car”. I came out to see the car and it was a limousine with six doors. I laughed! After the man had left, I said to God, “Daddy, you know that even if I am dead and they put me inside this one, I will jump out of it, so there is no way I can use this. Will you please allow me to sell it and use the money for something else?” He said, “No problem”.

However, God was not done. In a single day, a man came with three Mercedes Benz cars. He said, “God said I should give these to you”. I said, “God, what is happening? What am I going to do? These blessings are becoming an embarrassment”. The Lord then said to me, “My son, you haven’t seen anything yet. The only way I can stop blessing you is if you stop living holy”. Now, since I cannot stop living holy because I am going to heaven, those who think I am already blessed haven’t seen anything yet; there is more coming by God’s grace.

You don’t know what you miss when you refuse to live holy. I advise you to try it and you would see how God will transform your life completely. When God sees holiness in the life of a person, He pours His blessings on him or her in abundance.

*PRAYER POINT*
People who live holy attract God’s blessings to themselves.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 27 December 2023 HYMN 19 – Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy wounded side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure;
Save from wrath and make me pure.

2 Not the labors of my hands,
Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears for ever flow,
All for sin could not atone,
Thou must save and Thou alone.

3 Nothing in my hand I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling
Naked, come to Thee for dress,
Helpless, look to Thee for grace,
Foul, I to the fountain fly;
Wash me, Saviour, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgement throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Revelation 8-11
