*Open Heaven 27 February 2024 TOPIC: Called To Be Temperate*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible.” – 1 Corinthians 9:25 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Corinthians 9:24-27 (KJV)

24 Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.

25 And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible.

26 I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air:

27 But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.

*MESSAGE*
To fulfil your calling, you must be in full control of your body and not allow sin into your life at all. Galatians 5:17 says that the body and spirit are always at war. You must be able to keep your body in check so that it does not put you in trouble. When God calls you for an assignment, He will support you all the way so that you can succeed despite the forces that try to stop you. However, Romans 8:31 says, “If God be for you, who can be against you?” The answer is, ‘You!’ If God is for you, yet you cannot control your body not to work against you, then you may not fulfil His call.

Not only must you stay away from sin, you must also do everything in moderation. You cannot afford to sleep anytime you like, eat as you wish, or be intimate with your spouse as many times as you want. Apostle Paul said in 1 Corinthians 6:12:

All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.

You must remain in control such that you cannot be brought under the power of even the things that are necessary.

In 1 Corinthians 9:24-27, Apostle Paul said, “I keep my body under.” That is the apostle of the same grace that some people claim has taken care of everything, and that no matter how much we sin, it is fine. Paul said that he kept his body under, in other words, I tell my stomach when it is going to eat next and my eyes when they are going to sleep next. People have asked me how I fast for 40 days and nights, and I say, “Simple. The night before I start, I go to an almanac, count 40 days, and mark when the fasting is to end. Then I say to my stomach, ‘That date is the next time you will get food.’” The stomach will grumble because it doesn’t like that kind of situation. When you drive along the street, every restaurant on the route will seem to be calling you, and you will smell the food in another house from almost a quarter kilometre away. I don’t care; I ignore everything the devil tries. After about 3-4 days, when my stomach sees that I am not yielding, it will keep quiet. He that strives for mastery has to be temperate in all things.

*PRAYER POINT*
If you want to fulfil the call of God over your life, just like Paul, you must be a man or woman with strong self-control.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 27 February 2024 HYMN 19 – Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy riven side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Save me from its guilt and power.

2 Not the labor of my hands
Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears forever flow,
All could never sin erase,
Thou must save, and save by grace.

3 Nothing in my hands I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress,
Helpless, look to Thee for grace:
Foul, I to the fountain fly,
Wash me, Savior, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgment throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 20-22
