*Open Heaven 27 January 2024 TOPIC: What Is God’s Temple? (4)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.” – 2 Kings 22:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 2 Kings 22:8-11 (KJV)

8 And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.

9 And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the Lord.

10 And Shaphan the scribe shewed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.

11 And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes.

*MESSAGE*
God’s temple is also the house of knowledge; it is a house of education. In Psalm 27:4, David made it clear:

One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to enquire in his temple.

In the house of the Lord, you can behold the beauty of the Almighty God. However, David went on to say that he not only wants to behold God’s beauty, but he also wants to be there to enquire of Him. In other words, if you have any questions for God, bring them to His temple; come and ask Him in the temple.

When you come into His temple, you will receive revelations; He will begin to tell you certain things that you will not learn at home. This is why you must always go to church with your writing materials. It is a place to go and learn new things and get new perspectives. There have been many times that I was confused about a matter, but while listening to the word of God, light will begin to shine on the matter, and I will receive revelations on how to resolve the situation. This is why the psalmist said:

Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path. – Psalm 119:105.

The house of God is a place where you go to hear the word of God, and in that word is great knowledge and wisdom that you cannot get anywhere else. So, whether you need revelation for business, family issues, ministry, health or any other field of life, you will get it in the house of God. Those who regularly go to a church where the undiluted word of God is taught don’t stay confused for long.

You may, however, then ask, “How do I know if the word being taught in my church is genuine and undiluted?” You will have to emulate the Berean Christians who always returned to their homes to search the Scriptures to verify what they had been taught in church (Acts 17:10-11).

As long as you remain in the environment where the undiluted and genuine word of God is preached, knowledge and wisdom will be available to you.

*ACTION POINT*
Always attend church services with your writing materials, and be expectant to receive new knowledge and revelation from God.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 27 January 2024 HYMN 3 – Ancient Words

1 Holy words long preserved
for our walk in this world,
They resound with God’s own heart
Oh, let the Ancient words impart.

Chorus:
Ancient words ever true
Changing me, and changing you.
We have come with open hearts
Oh let the ancient words impart.

2 Words of Life, words of Hope
Give us strength, help us cope
In this world, where e’er we roam
Ancient words will guide us Home.

3 Holy words of our Faith
Handed down to this age.
Came to us through sacrifice
Oh heed the faithful words of Christ.

4 Holy words long preserved
For our walk in this world.
They resound with God’s own heart
Oh let the ancient words impart.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Exodus 38-40
