*Open Heaven 27 July 2023 TOPIC: God Seekers 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.” – Psalm 42:1 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 42:1-5 (KJV)

1 As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.

2 My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?

3 My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, Where is thy God?

4 When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday.

5 Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.

*MESSAGE*
God seekers are those who are comfortable with His commandments. People do not seek God today – not because they are ignorant of what they stand to gain seeking the One from whom all blessings flow. Rather, they are not comfortable with His demands on what they consider as their right to decide how to live their lives. The elders say, “A child born yesterday who threatens not to play with us should be asked, ‘Do you think we were lonely before your birth?’” In other words, if we do not seek God’s face, its to our disadvantage and not God’s.

David, in our Bible reading, gave his reason for seeking God when he said: “For I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.” He said further, “I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth” (Psalm 121:1-2). Beloved, it pays to seek the Lord. Isaiah 55:6 encourages us to do so when He may be found and before it is too late. This means there would come a time when man may seek God and He may not be found.

For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him. – Psalm 32:6

How do we seek God? God can be sought from His revealed truth, as written in the Holy Scriptures. When we study the word of God consistently, we are seeking God because Jesus is the Word of God and He is God (John 1:1).

We must also seek God with all of our hearts if we would find Him (Jeremiah 29:13).

We also seek God by looking out for how to please Him. Jesus said we are His disciples indeed if we do that which He commanded us to. How many self-professing Christians are doing God’s will?

God has promised that if you seek Him with all your heart, you will find Him. Commit to seeking God with all your heart today and you will find Him.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please reveal Yourself to me as I seek to know You more and more.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 27 July 2023 HYMN 19: Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
let me hide myself in thee;
let the water and the blood,
from thy wounded side which flowed,
be of sin the double cure;
save from wrath and make me pure.

2 Not the labors of my hands
can fulfill thy law’s demands;
could my zeal no respite know,
could my tears forever flow,
all for sin could not atone;
thou must save, and thou alone.

3 Nothing in my hand I bring,
simply to the cross I cling;
naked, come to thee for dress;
helpless, look to thee for grace;
foul, I to the fountain fly;
wash me, Savior, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
when mine eyes shall close in death,
when I soar to worlds unknown,
see thee on thy judgment throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
let me hide myself in thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 44-46
