*Open Heaven 27 October 2023 TOPIC: Taming The Flesh*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.” – Galatians 5:16 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Galatians 5:16-25 (KJV)

16 This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.

17 For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.

18 But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.

19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,

20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,

21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,

23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

24 And they that are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.

25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.

*MESSAGE*
The flesh is a very powerful weapon in the hands of the devil. Galatians 5:17 says the flesh and the Spirit are always in constant war against each other. The flesh always wants you to commit sin, while the Spirit wants you to please God. If the flesh wins the battle, then ultimately, the devil has won over your soul; that is why you must put your flesh under your control at all times, and one of the major ways to do that is to fast often.

Only a few select people have fasted for forty days and forty nights. The only three recorded for us in the Scriptures are Moses, Elijah and Jesus Christ. It will interest you to know that only the three of them were there on the mount of transfiguration, glowing like the sun. Today’s message is not for the faint-hearted; it is for those who really want to grow.

Don’t let anybody tell you that fasting ended when Jesus Christ said, “It is finished” on the cross; fasting is for now. In Matthew 9:14-15, some people came to Jesus Christ and complained about His disciples not fasting. He said that after His death, resurrection and ascension, the people would fast. Fasting is for now, and we will fast until the Bridegroom returns. When He returns, there will be no need for fasting anymore because (1 John 3:2) says that when He returns, we shall see and be like Him. When the rapture comes, those who are not dead will have their bodies transformed to become like the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. At that time, we won’t need food; whatever He eats in His new body is what we will be eating, but until then, while your body is still the way it is, warring against the Spirit, you must fast to remain in the light of Christ.

There are those who will tell you fasting is not for the age of grace. They are big liars. Paul – the Apostle of Grace, said in (2 Corinthians 11:27) that he fasted often. He fasted often so he could subdue the flesh, and it would not cause him to be cast aside (1 Corinthians 9:24-27). Apostle Paul said many people run a race, but only one will win. If you want to enter the Kingdom of God, then you must make fasting your lifestyle.

*ACTION POINT*
Set apart days in the year for fasting and praying.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 27 October 2023 HYMN 17 – Praise My Soul, The King Of Heaven

1 Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven,
To His feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Evermore His praises sing.
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

2 Praise Him for His grace and favour
To His people in distress.
Praise Him, still the same as ever,
Slow to chide and swift to bless.
Alleluia! alleluia!
Glorious in His faithfulness!

3 Father-like He tends and spares us,
Well our feeble frame He knows,
In His hand he gently bears us,
Rescues us from all our foes:
Alleluia! alleluia!
Widely yet His mercy flows!

4 Angels, help us to adore Him!
You behold Him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before Him,
Dwellers all in time and space,
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 13-15
