*Open Heaven 28 August 2023 TOPIC: God Will Make You Fruitful*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.” – Exodus 23:26 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Genesis 1:27-30 (KJV)

27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.

28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.

29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

*MESSAGE*
God’s plan for everyone is that they would be fruitful and multiply. That is why He gave every woman considered barren in the Scriptures a testimony. The only person who died barren is the woman that mocked her husband – King David, for dancing before God (2 Samuel 6:20-23). If you have been considered barren, God is about to surprise you, in Jesus’ name.

You however, have a part to play as God is set to make you experience all-round fruitfulness. John 15:1-5 makes it clear that you must be joined to the Fruitful Vine to be fruitful. He said in verse 4,”Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.” To become fruitful, you must be totally joined to the Fruitful Vine. You must abide in Him.

Many years ago, we held a programme in Lagos, Nigeria, during which I urged everybody to ask for something special from God. There was a lady there who said, “Father, I’m not going to ask You for anything anymore because I have repeatedly asked You for what I wanted, and You didn’t give me. I used to ask You for a husband and now I’m too old to have children, so I won’t ask again. However, I will continue to serve You all the days of my life”. God heard her and a few days later, a man came and said he wanted to marry her. She looked at the man and told him to pray again as she was already past menopause. He said he already had children, but he was a widower, so he was looking for a wife who would also be a mother to them. They got married and nine months later, she gave birth to twins – two boys. When you commit yourself to the True Vine, He will make sure that you become fruitful.

The True Vine can make you fruitful in every aspect of your life. God is the One who said in Leviticus 19:13 that everyone must pay the wages of those that work for them. If you are committed to God and His kingdom, you will definitely bear fruit. God said He is not unrighteous to forget your labour of love (Hebrews 6:10).

The Lord will definitely reward you as long as you remain connected to Him.

*ACTION POINT*
Be totally committed to God.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 28 August 2023 HYMN 26: There Shall Be Showers Of Blessing

1 There shall be showers of blessing:
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.

Refrain:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

2 There shall be showers of blessing:
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

3 There shall be showers of blessing:
Send them upon us, Oh Lord!
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come and now honour Thy Word.

4 There shall be showers of blessing:
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now, as to God, we’re confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 16-17
