*Open Heaven 28 February 2024 TOPIC: Called To Be Prayerful*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Pray without ceasing.” – 1 Thessalonians 5:17 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Luke 18:1-8 (KJV)

1 And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;

2 Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man:

3 And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary.

4 And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;

5 Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me.

6 And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith.

7 And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?

8 I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?

*MESSAGE*
Many ministers of God talk about prayers and lead prayers often, but hardly pray. When it is time for prayers, they announce the prayer point, ask people to pray, and all they do throughout is encourage the people to keep praying; they don’t pray in prayer meetings or in private. This is one of the reasons many don’t fulfil the call of God on their lives.

Apostle Paul was a man of prayer. In 1 Thessalonians 5:17, he said, “Pray without ceasing.” When I want to leave my house on a journey, I pray. When I get into the car, I pray again. When I get on the airplane, I pray again. The Bible says pray without ceasing – keep praying. A songwriter said:

Christian, seek not yet repose,Hear thy gracious Savior say;Thou art in the midst of foes: Watch and pray…

Around 1985, I had tried everything I knew, but the church wasn’t growing as I expected. Then, I heard about a pastor in South Korea whose church was growing rapidly, and who usually held a yearly Ministers’ Conference. I didn’t have the money to go, but I prayed and God sent help. I went and I saw what I had never seen before. I heard the pastor saying on the pulpit that those who had come that Sunday should not come the next Sunday because of space, this was despite holding seven services every Sunday in a hall that could take 50,000 people. During the conference, they took us to his prayer mountain where we were assigned to grottos where we could pray privately. I lost track of time while praying in my grotto and by the time I finished, those who came on the same bus with me had been waiting for me for at least one hour. When I got into the bus, they were angry and asked, “Why have you delayed us?” I said, “I’m sorry, I thought we came to pray.” They said, “Are you going to pray everything in one day?” Nobody spoke to me all the way back and that was fine because, in my heart, I was still roaring in prayer. Some years ago, I went back to South Korea. The first time I went, I couldn’t get close to the man of God, but this time, I was able to meet him – Dr Yonggi Cho of blessed memory. He said, “I have heard about you, will you please pray for me?”

Beloved, I encourage you to pray always (Ephesians 6:18).

*PRAYER POINT*
I don’t know where God is taking you, but if you really want to get there, you must lead a prayerful life.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 28 February 2024 HYMN 22 – Sweet Hour Of Prayer!

1 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
that calls me from a world of care,
and bids me at my Father’s throne
make all my wants and wishes known.
In seasons of distress and grief,
my soul has often found relief,
and oft escaped the tempter’s snare
by thy return, sweet hour of prayer!

2 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
the joys I feel, the bliss I share
of those whose anxious spirits burn
with strong desires for thy return!
With such I hasten to the place
where God my Savior shows his face,
and gladly take my station there,
and wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer!

3 Sweet hour of prayer! sweet hour of prayer!
thy wings shall my petition bear
to him whose truth and faithfulness
engage the waiting soul to bless.
And since he bids me seek his face,
believe his word, and trust his grace,
I’ll cast on him my every care,
and wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 23-25
