*Open Heaven 28 July 2023 TOPIC: God Seekers 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.” – Hebrews 11:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 12:20-22 (KJV)

20 And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:

21 The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.

22 Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, we discussed three ways we can seek God, namely – through His word, with all of our hearts and by obeying His will. Today, we shall continue to look at how we can seek God and the blessings that come to those who seek Him. We can effectively seek and find God by faith. Hebrews 11:6 says:

But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

It takes faith to find God because He is a Spirit. He is invisible to the physical eyes and can only be worshipped genuinely in spirit and in truth (John 4:23). The Bible says something very profound about the life of the children of Israel – “He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel” (Psalm 103:7). The implication of this is that while Moses knew the ways of God, the children of Israel went along with Him through the miracles they saw God performing. Therefore, Moses was deep in God, but the children of Israel were shallow and easily tossed here and there by the challenges they faced on their way to the promised land. Moses believed in God and took Him by His word; the children of Israel lived by what they saw. This is why they responded negatively to situations they encountered in the wilderness. They refused to see God in all those experiences. Moreover, seekers of God go the extra mile to get to Him. In our Bible text for today, we read about the Greeks who believed in the Messianic message. They came to see and have an encounter with Jesus.

Beloved, who are you seeking in the Church – the Pastor, the choristers, who? I congratulate you if you are a seeker of God through Jesus Christ. God seekers are never put to shame. The Bible speaks of those who seek God as being protected from shame. “They shall not be ashamed in the evil time: and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied” (Psalms 37:19).

As we navigate through this second half of year 2023, seek the Lord earnestly and you shall find Him mighty to save, mighty to bless and mighty to keep you alive.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, I thank You for revealing Yourself to me. May sin not hide me from You anymore, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 28 July 2023 HYMN 29: When Peace Like A River Attendeth My Way

1 When peace like a river attendeth my way,
When sorrows like sea billows roll;
Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say,
“It is well, it is well with my soul”

Refrain:
It is well with my soul,
It is well, it is well with my soul.

2 Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,
Let this blest assurance control,
That Christ has regarded my helpless estate,
And has shed His own blood for my soul.

3 My sin O, the bliss of this glorious thought,
My sin, not in part but the whole
Is nailed to the cross and I bear it no more,
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, O my soul!

4 O, Lord, haste the day when the faith shall be sight,
The clouds be rolled back as a scroll,
The trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend,
Even so, it is well with my soul.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 47-49
