*Open Heaven 28 October 2023 TOPIC: Fasting Takes You Higher*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.” – Matthew 17:21 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 13:1-12 (KJV)

1 Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.

2 As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.

3 And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.

4 So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus.

5 And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister.

6 And when they had gone through the isle unto Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Barjesus:

7 Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God.

8 But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith.

9 Then Saul, (who also is called Paul,) filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him.

10 And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?

11 And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing the sun for a season. And immediately there fell on him a mist and a darkness; and he went about seeking some to lead him by the hand.

12 Then the deputy, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord.

*MESSAGE*
When you start fasting, you will notice changes which show that your flesh no longer controls you. First, fasting will bridle your tongue. During a fast, it becomes clear to you that many a time, you don’t gain anything by talking. James 1:26 says if you say you are religious and you cannot control your mouth, you are deceiving yourself. Thus, as you fast and talk less, you also sin less.

Fasting also helps you to control your temper, particularly prolonged fasting, because you would have no energy to fight anyone. When you get angry easily, it is because you have a lot of energy; let me see how you will get angry when you have been fasting for twenty-one days and nights! If anybody offends you, you would simply say, “God bless you, just leave me alone”. Ecclesiastes 7:9 says clearly that you should control your anger because anger rests in the bosom of fools.

You should ask yourself how come your body hates fasting. Galatians 5:17 says the flesh lusts against the Spirit. In other words, your flesh wants to fight the Spirit. If we do not say there is fasting tomorrow, you can wake up and not eat until 2 p.m., but once we announce that there will be fasting, some people would eat until midnight and still wake up hungry. This is because the devil does not want you to fast; this should tell you that fasting is good for you. When you learn to fast, you will be amazed that there are certain agents of darkness in your life that you have been coping with, but they move easily when you fast. Matthew 17:14-21 tells us that there was a demon the disciples tried their best to cast out but could not, without fasting and prayer. There are certain mountains that won’t move unless you back your prayers with fasting.

In Exodus 17:8-13, when there was a war to be fought between Israel and the Amalekites, Moses went to the mountain top and lifted his hands, while Joshua was below the mountain, fighting. Whenever Moses’ hands were up, the children of Israel would be winning the battle, but when his hands came down, they would start losing. The spiritual controls the physical. The solution to that lingering problem could just be some days of fasting in addition to your prayers.

*PRAYER POINT*
Fasting lifts you higher so you begin to operate in a realm higher than the natural.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 28 October 2023 HYMN 20 – Stand Up! Stand Up For Jesus

1 Stand up! stand up for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the Cross!
Lift high His royal banner;
It must not suffer loss.
From vict’ry unto vict’ry
His army shall He lead,
Till ev’ry foe is vanquished,
And Christ is Lord indeed.

2 Stand up! stand up for Jesus,
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict,
In this His glorious day;
Ye that are men now serve Him
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger,
And strength to strength oppose.

3 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you,
Ye dare not trust your own:
Put on the gospel armor,
Each piece put on with prayer;
Where duty calls or danger,
Be never wanting there.

4 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
The strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle,
The next the victor’s song;
To him that overcometh,
A crown of life shall be;
He with the King of glory
Shall reign eternally.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 16-18
