*Open Heaven 29 August 2023 TOPIC: How To Become Influential*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;” – Genesis 26:4 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 15:14-16 (KJV)

14 Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.

15 Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.

16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.

*MESSAGE*
God wants you to be influential. Genesis 1:28 says He wants you to have dominion. Believe me honestly, you don’t have to be the president before you begin to have dominion. No matter your status today, you can still have dominion. The Almighty God wants you to become influential, but for that to happen, you must obey Him and His commandments – no matter the situation. When you do this, He will see to it that you are always the head and never the tail (Deuteronomy 28:13). If you want to increase in influence, do what He says.

One major thing He said you should do is to win souls. Our Bible reading for today says you can become Jesus’ friend and I’m telling you, when you befriend the Lord, you become very influential because of your relationship with He who has influence across all realms (Philippians 2:10). When you become a friend of Jesus Christ, doors open to you automatically. I can tell you stories upon stories about countries that refused to register The Redeemed Christian Church of God and the same people would call us back within months to offer us our registration certificate. When you are a friend of Jesus, you will do what He commanded in John 15:14-15 – win souls and make sure they abide. If you do this, He has promised that anything you ask in His name, He will do it. That is great influence.

In John 12:32, the Bible says if you will lift Jesus, He would draw all men to Himself. If you keep on preaching, witnessing and winning souls, men will come from all over the place to meet with you. Thus, if you want to be influential, 2 Timothy 4:2 says you should preach in and out of season. Preach when it is convenient and when it is not convenient. If every one of us reading this devotional today goes out and wins at least one soul today, imagine how much rejoicing would be in heaven because of us. Do your part and He will surely do His.

My greatest desire was to be the youngest Vice-Chancellor in Africa, but when I became born again and God called me into full-time ministry, I abandoned my ambition. Today, Vice-Chancellors call me Daddy.

*ACTION POINT*
Every reader of this devotional is to win at least one soul today. Don’t break the chain.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 August 2023 HYMN 18 – Praise To The Lord, The Almighty, The King Of Creation

1 Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation;
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation;
Join the great throng,
Psaltery, organ, and song,
Sounding in glad adoration.

2 Praise to the Lord, over all things he gloriously reigneth:
Borne as on eagle-wings, safely his saints he sustaineth.
Hast thou not seen,
How all thou needest hath been,
Granted in what he ordaineth?

3 Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy way and defend thee;
Surely his goodness and mercy shall ever attend thee;
Ponder anew,
What the Almighty can do,
Who with his love doth befriend thee.

4 Praise to the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath breath join with Abraham’s seed to adore Him!
Let the Amen
Sum all our praises again,
Now as we worship before Him.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 18-20
