*Open Heaven 29 December 2023 TOPIC: Settled Beforehand*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “I will go before thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:” – Isaiah 45:2 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 15:22-25 (KJV)

22 So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and found no water.

23 And when they came to Marah, they could not drink of the waters of Marah, for they were bitter: therefore the name of it was called Marah.

24 And the people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?

25 And he cried unto the Lord; and the Lord shewed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them,

*MESSAGE*
In our Bible reading for today, long before the children of Israel got to Marah, there was a tree growing by the pool of water. The implication of that is this: before your problem started, God had provided the solution. Whatever may be the nature of your problem, the solution is already waiting. All you need from God is guidance on what the solution is and how to use it. Psalm 90:2 says: “Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.”

God has been there before whatever mountain might be blocking you, so He can uproot it easily.

The good thing is that God is not only the Alpha, He is also the Omega (Revelation 1:8), so He knows the future as well as the past. He knows the things that the devil may be planning for you in 2024 and so will provide all you need to overcome him in the new year, even from now, in Jesus’ name.

He has already put in you all that you need to overcome in 2024. Fear not. Before Goliath started terrorising Israel, the stone that would kill him had been formed, waiting for when David would pick it up, put it in his catapult and shoot it at the giant. Before the Philistines came for Samson, the jaw bone of the ass was already there, waiting. Before 2024 arrives, the things you will need to overcome in the new year are already available to you. The tree that would turn bitter water to sweet had been there before the Israelites got to Marah; all that happened when Moses cried unto God is that light shone on a particular tree and God told Moses what should be done with it.

Isaiah 30:21 says that when you find yourself at a crossroads, you would hear a word behind you, showing you the way. I pray that the way you will walk successfully through 2024 will be revealed to you today, in Jesus’ name. God will show you what to do to succeed in the new year, in the mighty name of Jesus.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please cause me to hear Your lovingkindness in the morning; for in You do I trust. Please Lord, cause me to know the way I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto You (Psalm 143:8).

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 December 2023 HYMN 5 – Blessed Assurance

1 Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Refrain:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long.

2 Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight,
Angels descending, bring from above;
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.
3 Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Saviour am happy and blessed,
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Revelation 15-17
