*Open Heaven 29 February 2024 TOPIC: Called To Partnership*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the Lord caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.” – Exodus 14:21 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Luke 1:26-35 (KJV)

26 And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,

27 To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin’s name was Mary.

28 And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.

29 And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.

30 And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.

31 And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name Jesus.

32 He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:

33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.

34 Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?

35 And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.

*MESSAGE*
How can the All-Sufficient God, Who made the heavens and the earth, Who says silver and gold are His, and Who called light out of darkness, need a partner? How can God ever need to collaborate with somebody to achieve His purpose? Well, as we see in the Scriptures, God sometimes wants partnerships.

In Genesis 2:19, after creating everything, God brought them to Adam and said, “Please name them for me.” In Exodus 14:15-28, when the children of Israel got to the Red Sea and were crying for fear, Moses asked God for help and God said, “I will make a way in the Red Sea, however, I need your cooperation. Stretch your hands across the sea.” If Moses had refused to stretch his hands that day, the book of Exodus might have ended there, Israel might have been wiped out, and God probably might have had to find an alternative way for Jesus to be born. I pray that when God needs someone He can rely on in times of crises, you will be available.

Years ago, when we were starting the church in Zambia, I visited the country for the first time. While discussing with my host, we got talking about a man they called Cobra. He was a really terrible and dangerous person. As we spoke, I heard God say that he must be saved. I told my host that I wanted to go and preach to Cobra and asked him to take me to his house. He told me that I was not likely to come out alive. I insisted, and at last, he agreed to take me within a walking distance to Cobra’s house, wait for 15 minutes after I enter, and leave if I didn’t come out in that time. I said, “No problem.” God wanted me to partner with Him to win that soul, and I knew I had to go. I went in to meet Cobra and within 15 minutes, he was on his knees in surrender to Christ!

God needs partners to do His will on earth, but those who will partner with Him must be willing to go all the way for Him. When you hear God say, “I have found a man who will do all My will,” it means that He has been searching for someone to do all His will. Can God count on you to partner with Him and do all His will?

*PRAYER POINT*
In times of crises, can God find you worthy as a partner to do His will on earth?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 February 2024 HYMN 23 – Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice, and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips, and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will, and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine.
Take my heart; it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love; my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure-store.
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Deuteronomy 26-27
