*Open Heaven 29 March 2024 TOPIC: He Did It All For You 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” – John 3:16 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Romans 5:6-8 (KJV)

6 For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.

7 For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.

8 But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.

*MESSAGE*
When Jesus Christ was on the cross, He appeared to be helpless. This was a man who could call 12 legions of angels to come to His rescue, yet, He was nailed to a cross, and it seemed like he was helpless. Truly, what can a person whose hands and feet have been nailed to a cross do? For example, while Jesus was on the cross, he said, “I thirst.” Instead of giving Him water, they gave Him vinegar, and He could do nothing about it. This was not because He did not have the power to do whatever He wanted, but because if He had saved Himself at that time, you and I would have become preys to the devil. So, because of His love for us, He was helpless. He became helpless so that you can be helped. If you have been washed by the blood of Jesus, you will never lack help, in Jesus’ name.

On the cross, Jesus was lonely. He cried in Matthew 27:46, “…My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me.” He was not even talking about how His disciples forsook Him. They left Him when He was arrested, but now, even God forsook Him. That was the biggest heartbreak for Him because there had never been a time when God was not with Him. However, He went through all that so that God can be with you always. He went through that gruelling experience so that you will never be alone and so that whenever you call on God, He will answer you.

Everything that happened at Calvary was sorrowful for Jesus; you cannot experience such pain and shame and not be sorrowful. He, however, put Himself through that sorrow so that you can have joy. Therefore, if you are truly washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, everything causing you sorrow is banished now, in Jesus’ name.

He did it all for you to have a life that is beyond what this world can give you – eternal life. The question now is, are you enjoying the benefits of the sacrifice He made for you on the cross? Are you truly washed in His blood? Are you living your life like Christ? The benefits of the sacrifice He paid are only for those who live holy. Anyone who truly lives holy will experience the benefits of Jesus’ sacrifice on the cross. I have made up my mind to live holy for the rest of my life, what about you?

*PRAYER POINT*
Only those who live holy will enjoy the benefits of Jesus’ death on the cross.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 March 2024 HYMN 27 – What A Friend We Have In Jesus

1 What a friend we have in Jesus,
all our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
everything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit,
O what needless pain we bear,
all because we do not carry
everything to God in prayer!

2 Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged;
take it to the Lord in prayer!
Can we find a friend so faithful
who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness;
take it to the Lord in prayer!

3 Are we weak and heavy laden,
cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge–
take it to the Lord in prayer!
Do your friends despise, forsake you?
Take it to the Lord in prayer!
In his arms he’ll take and shield you;
you will find a solace there.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 25-27
