*Open Heaven 29 November 2023 TOPIC: Transfer Of Anointing 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened unto him, and did as the Lord commanded Moses.” – Deuteronomy 34:9 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Numbers 27:18-23 (KJV)

18 And the Lord said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;

19 And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight.

20 And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.

21 And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the Lord: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.

22 And Moses did as the Lord commanded him: and he took Joshua, and set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation:

23 And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the Lord commanded by the hand of Moses.

*MESSAGE*
Anointing, just like electricity, obeys certain natural laws and can be transferred by way of conduction.

Transfer of anointing by conduction is when the anointed fellow has physical contact with the person who needs the anointing. This can be through a handshake or laying on of hands. For example, in Acts 3:1-8, the lame man at the Beautiful Gate didn’t walk until Peter grabbed him. The anointing flowed through Peter’s hands into the lame man. Jesus Christ said in Mark 16:18: “They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover”. Jesus was saying that when we lay hands on the sick, the anointing in us will be transferred to them and the sickness will be gone. Sometimes, it may even be unintentional. For instance, the moment you step on a naked wire, knowingly or unknowingly, the electricity running through it will run through you too. Similarly sometimes, anointing can be transferred by conduction without both parties even trying to initiate the transfer. For example, in 2 Kings 13:20-21, when the dead man’s body accidentally fell into the grave of Elisha, the fellow came back to life.

A few years ago, I was abroad and decided to go shopping in a bookshop. A man came into the bookshop and made a joke about the large number of books I was buying. He stretched his hand to shake me and I shook his hand without trying to transfer anointing to him. Suddenly he shouted, “Who are you?” because the back pain he had been suffering from for many years suddenly disappeared as I shook his hand. That is transfer of anointing by conduction. Beloved, whenever you have the opportunity to shake hands with an anointed fellow or have them lay hands on you, don’t take it for granted. Your life can change just by that simple contact. This is not to say you should go around trying to touch every man or woman of God you see by force; be respectful and decent about it because the same anointing that heals can kill also, if grieved.

*PRAYER POINT*
Never take for granted a handshake or laying on of hands by an anointed vessel of God.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 November 2023 HYMN 15 – Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

1 Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Saviour, Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

2 Let me, at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

3 Trusting only in Thy merit
Would I seek Thy face
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

4 Thou, the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me.
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav’n but Thee?

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Corinthians 1-4
