*Open Heaven 29 September 2023 TOPIC: Moderation*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.” – Philippians 4:5 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Philippians 4:5-9 (KJV)

5 Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.

6 Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.

7 And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.

8 Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.

9 Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.

*MESSAGE*
Do everything in moderation. The fact that you have enough money to buy as much food as you like does not mean you should eat every time. Some people used to fast when they were poor but as soon as some money came into their hands, fasting became history. Even if you don’t want to fast for spiritual reasons, you need to fast for the sake of your health.

Truly, you may have a lot to do but that doesn’t mean you should not find a way to spend quality time with your family. Don’t let success destroy the great things of life. Money is supposed to improve your quality of life, not worsen it. That you now have a housemaid or other domestic staff does not mean you should not exercise your body anymore. Every now and then, you still need to engage in some household chores and physical activities.

When some people make a little money, they start disrespecting other people they deem to be less fortunate. If you see a rich and popular fellow who doesn’t respect elders, you have seen someone who is not interested in living long. King Saul became wealthy and influential, so he stopped honouring Prophet Samuel. The result of that was his life becoming so miserable that he begged to be killed (1 Samuel 31:4). Samson thought because he was strong and influential, he could be with any woman he wanted, even against the advice of his parents and ended up being captured by his enemies. Don’t let the power that comes with money and success get you to destroy yourself.

The word of God does not teach us to lead a carnal life that pleases the flesh (Romans 8:13). Don’t let comfort bury you before your time. Put your flesh under to ensure that it is not indulging in things that are not beneficial to you. Believe me honestly, if you always do whatever you feel like, your flesh will begin to rule you. If you let money, success or fame get into your head, the end will be disastrous. There are more successes to be achieved in the future, but you can only reach them if you are temperate with the ones you have already gotten.

*PRAYER POINT*
Don’t let money, success or fame deny you of the greater achievements lying ahead of you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 29 September 2023 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Zechariah 6-10
