*Open Heaven 3 April 2024 TOPIC: You Too Can Work Miracles*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.” – Acts 5:15 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Mark 16:17-18 (KJV)

17 And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;

18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.

*MESSAGE*
Today’s Bible reading tells us that as a believer in Christ, you are to cast out demons and perform all kinds of miracles. The question now is, are you a believer? If the answer is yes, then you too can perform miracles as Jesus did. You may then ask, “Why have I not been able to perform any miracle thus far?”

In Mark 3:13-15, Jesus’ disciples were told what to do. They were to keep Him company, preach, heal sicknesses, and cast out demons. The reason most Christians have not been working miracles is that they have not been following this order. How much time do you spend fellowshipping with God? This is the first step in working miracles. You must spend quality time studying your Bible and praying daily. The more time you spend in His company, the more His power will rest on you.

You are also required to preach the gospel. In Matthew 28:19, Jesus said, “Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.”

Many believers don’t evangelise. God will not give you the power to work miracles just so you can show off, He will only do so if you will use it to win souls for Him. If you get these first two steps right, the power to work miracles will follow duly.

Many people feel it is not compulsory for them to have the power of God. If I feel it is not compulsory to heal, then I won’t pay the sacrifice that will make healing easy. If I am not concerned when somebody dies, I won’t pray much before I ask the family members to arrange for the burial of the fellow. If you truly understand that God is expecting you to be the channel through which He will heal the sick and raise the dead, that it is a must that you cast out demons and that some demons won’t leave except by prayer and fasting (Matthew 17:21), your attitude to food and pleasure should change.

If you are His disciple, according to Mark 3:13-15, you are expected to heal the sick. Every now and then, God will send you to raise the dead, cast out demons, and cleanse people with incurable diseases (Matthew10:7-8). If you are His disciple, it is compulsory that you pay the price and receive the power to work miracles.

*PRAYER POINT*
Are you a genuine disciple of Christ?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 3 April 2024 HYMN 25 – The Great Physician Now Is Near

1 The Great Physician now is near,
The sympathizing Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus!

Refrain
Sweetest note in seraph song;
Sweetest name on mortal tongue;
Sweetest carol ever sung:
Jesus, blessed Jesus!

2 Your many sins are all forgiv’n,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus;
The veil ’twixt you and God is riven,
Redemption wrought by Jesus.

3 All glory to the dying Lamb!
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Savior’s name,
I love the name of Jesus.

4 His name dispels my guilt and fear,
No other name but Jesus;
Oh, how my soul delights to hear
The precious name of Jesus!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 2 Samuel 12-13
