*Open Heaven 3 August 2023 TOPIC: Integrity*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him.” – Proverbs 20:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Proverbs 28:6-10 (KJV)

6 Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich.

7 Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father.

8 He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor.

9 He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.

10 Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession.

*MESSAGE*
Simply put, integrity is being true to your word – that is, what you say is consistent with what you do. Everyone who calls himself or herself a Christian must be a person of integrity. Our Lord Jesus Christ said, “But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil” (Matthew 5:7).

When you promise to do something, that is what you should do. If for any reason you cannot fulfil your promise, you must discuss it with the fellow involved and explain the circumstances. You shouldn’t go back on a promise without any explanation- that is not like your Father in Heaven, whom you claim to be like.

I remember when l had just finished secondary school and was looking for a way to sponsor my university education. I approached the authorities of a school in Ondo State and they agreed to sponsor my education on the condition that l would study Mathematics and serve them for five years after getting my degree. Although English was my favorite subject, l had no choice. When l graduated, l went back to serve them, but after two and a half years, l became restless: l wanted a Master’s degree. After gaining admission to do my Masters, l appealed to them to let me go for it, assuring them that l would return to finish my bond. They didn’t believe me, but after obtaining the degree, l returned to the school to continue serving them. By then however, l was becoming an embarrassment to them because l had a higher degree than my Principal. After another one and a half years, l appealed to them to allow me to get a Ph.D and return, but they said, “You are free to go and you don’t have to come back”.

The name of Jesus is powerful – so powerful that Philippians 2:10-11 says that at the mention of that name, every knee in heaven, on earth and underneath the earth should bow and every tongue confess that Jesus is Lord. As powerful as His name is, the Bible says He magnifies His word above it (Psalm 138:2). This is why we trust completely in the word of God – we know that He can and will do what He says He will.

If you say you are Christ-like then your word must be your bond.

*PRAYER POINT*
Jesus always keeps His word; you should always keep yours too.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 3 August 2023 HYMN 20: Stand Up! Stand Up For Jesus

1 Stand up, stand up for Jesus
ye soldiers of the cross;
lift high his royal banner,
it must not suffer loss.
From vict’ry unto vict’ry
his army he shall lead
till ev’ry foe is vanquished
and Christ is Lord indeed.

2 Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
the trumpet call obey;
forth to the mighty conflict
in this his glorious day.
Ye that are men now serve him
against unnumbered foes;
let courage rise with danger
and strength to strength oppose.

3 Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
stand in his strength alone;
the arm of flesh will fail you,
ye dare not trust your own.
Put on the gospel armor,
each piece put on with prayer;
where duty calls or danger,
be never wanting there.

4 Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
the strife will not be long;
this day the noise of battle,
the next, the victor’s song.
To him that overcometh
a crown of life shall be;
he with the King of glory
shall reign eternally.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 1-3
