*Open Heaven 3 February 2024 TOPIC: Different Types Of Sons (2)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:” – 2 Samuel 7:14 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 84:10-12 (KJV)

10 For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.

11 For the Lord God is a sun and shield: the Lord will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.

12 O Lord of hosts, blessed is the man that trusteth in thee.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday, I explained that a son can become so close to the Father that he also becomes a friend of the Father. This is true, however, among friends, there are favourites. From the moment I learnt that it is possible to be a favourite of God, someone from whom God will never hide anything, I decided to get so close to God that I will become His favourite. Do you also want to be God’s favourite? You must note that it will cost you something.

Many times, when we talk about how a Christian should behave, dress, and act, some people will say, “God is not that difficult, He is a God of love. Where the Spirit of God is, there is liberty.” I always say, “We shouldn’t quarrel about it, live your life the way you want to live it. It all depends on how close you want to be to God.”

For example, if all you want in life is to become an Office Assistant, then you don’t need to attend a higher institution. All you need to know is how to run basic errands, and you will achieve your goal. However, if you want to become a professor, then you will enrol in tertiary institution and burn the midnight oil. I want to be a professor for God, I want to get close to Him, and I want to be His favourite. I don’t want to be just a servant of God, I don’t want to be just a son, I don’t want to be just a friend, I want to be a favourite, and by the grace of God, that is what you will be also, even though it is going to come at a cost.

Becoming one of God’s favourites will cost you your time. Those who become God’s favourites spend more time with God than they spend with anyone or anything else. Becoming God’s favourite will also cost you your appetite. You must be ready to fast like no man’s business if you want to draw closer to God than majority of others ever will. It will also cost you material things because you must hate the things of this world and prioritise the kingdom of God. James 4:4 says friendship with the world is enmity with God. Matthew 6:24 further says that you must choose between God and mammon. You must reject mammon to become close to God. Are you willing to pay the price to become God’s favourite? I am.

*ACTION POINT*
Conduct a sincere audit of your relationship with God and commit to making the required sacrifices to draw closer to Him more than ever before.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 3 February 2024 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow’r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I yet may know
Ere Thee face to face I see;
There are heights of joy that I yet may reach
Ere I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 19-21
