*Open Heaven 3 September 2023 TOPIC: Just A Word*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.” – Matthew 4:4 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Hebrews 4:12 (KJV)

12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

*MESSAGE*
Psalm 119:130 says: “The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple”. Therefore, when God sends a word to you, what He is sending to you is light. A particular word of God can enter into your spirit. You might have been hearing it before, you might have read it a thousand times, but all of a sudden, that particular word of God jumps to you and you know, this is the solution to your problem.

A man who was very wealthy fell on so hard a time that he decided to commit suicide. He planned on that day to go to Church and dance so much as if celebrating his departure. When he got to the Church, the preacher was talking about Shedrack, Meshack and Abednego. The preacher explained that the Hebrew boys believed God would deliver them though they did not know how He would do it, and He did deliver them. That was all the man needed to hear and he thought to himself, “My situation is so bad, I don’t see how it can improve, but I don’t need to know how, I just know it will improve”. He decided not to kill himself anymore and the day he was sharing his testimony, he had just bought 14 cars for his workers. All he heard was a word. When the word of God comes to you, suddenly, light comes and that light chases away every form of darkness in your Iife.

All that you need to be healed and to live in divine health is just a word from God (Psalm 107:20). When God sends a word to you, it will come with the power and faith that you need to receive it and walk in it with confidence. Once you have received it with faith, then it becomes your reality.

What area of your life are you not yet walking in dominion as a child of God? You need to ask God to send His word to you concerning that area. In whatever area of your life that you have been timid before, a word from God will turn you into a lion in that area. You will become indomitable. This is why you should not miss your personal quiet times every morning and fellowships with brethren. You never can tell when God will send that word that will liberate you forever.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, send me a word that will change my life forever today in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 3 September 2023 HYMN 3 – Ancient Words

1 Holy words long preserved,
For our walk in this world,
They resound with God’s own heart;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

Refrain:
Ancient words, ever true,
Changing me and changing you,
We have come with open hearts;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

2 Words of life, words of hope,
Give us strength, help us cope,
In this world, where e’er we roam;
Ancient words will guide us home.

3 Holy words of our faith,
Handed down to this age,
Came to us through sacrifice;
Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ.

4 Holy words long preserved,
For our walk in this world,
They resound with God’s own heart;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 31-32
