*Open Heaven 30 December 2023 TOPIC: Don’t Be Greedy*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house; but he that hateth gifts shall live.” – Proverbs 15:27 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Proverbs 1:17-19 (KJV)

17 Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.

18 And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives.

19 So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof.

*MESSAGE*
Proverbs 1:17-19 says he who is greedy of gain lays wait for his own blood. He ambushes his own life. God says you are waiting to destroy your own life when you are greedy. Proverbs 15:27 says the one who is greedy of gain troubleth his own house. You create a problem for your family when you are greedy. Children can get into trouble because their parents have been greedy.

Several years ago when we were starting a parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in Zambia, a native who was supposed to be our representative was collecting money for the purpose of building the Church and diverting it to his private use. One day, his daughter was playing with their door – a little one installed to stop goats from gaining entrance into the house while fresh air and illumination can come in from the top. Suddenly the door broke off and a loose nail from it pierced the girl’s eye and plucked it out. I prayed for the child, reminding the Lord of her father’s service in the Church. The Lord said I should ask him certain things. I did, further telling him about what God would do if he lied. With his head down, trembling, he said, “I have not been faithful. I have been misappropriating the money sent to me to build the church”.

Those who are greedy may show off their ill-gotten wealth and parade themselves as smart, but as the word of God stands sure, their real pain is on its way. Some are already going through their own pain and are hiding it from the whole world. Don’t get tempted to become like them because you don’t know the sufferings they are hiding in the background.

Greed is an invitation to take unlawfully what is not yours. The interesting thing is, that thing you are greedily desiring can be yours if only you will patiently go through the right process. Those who allow greed to override contentment in their lives will eventually lose what they have. The devil was an archangel but lost it all because he was greedy for what could never be his. A greedy fellow has no gratitude for God’s blessings in his or her life and believes in snatching what belongs to others.

Think about all God has done for you this year and express your gratitude to Him so He can do more for you in 2024.

*PRAYER POINT*
Lord, help me to be happy and content with all You have given me, in Jesus name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 December 2023 HYMN 16 – Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus Our Blessed Redeemer!

1 Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! Hail Him! Highest archangels in glory,
Strength and honour give to His Holy Name!
Like a Shepherd, Jesus will guard His children,
In His arms He carries them all day long.
O ye saints that dwell on the mountain of Zion.
Praise Him! Praise Him!
Ever in joyful song!

2 Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered and bled and died;
He, our rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! Hail Him! Jesus the Crucified!
Loving Saviour, meekly enduring sorrow,
Crowned with thorns that cruelly pierced His brow;
Once for us rejected, despised and forsaken.
Prince of Glory, ever triumphant now.

3 Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus our blessed Redeemer!
Heav’nly portals loud with Hosannas ring!
Jesus, Saviour, reigneth for ever and ever;
Crown Him! Crown Him! Prophet, and Priest, and King!
Death is vanquished! Tell it with joy, ye faithful.
Where is now thy victory, boasting grave?
Jesus lives! No longer thy portals are cheerless,
Jesus live, the mighty and strong to save.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Revelation 18-19
