*Open Heaven 30 July 2023 TOPIC: Lust Versus Temptation*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.” – James 1:15 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: James 1:12-15 (KJV)

12 Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.

13 Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:

14 But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.

15 Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.

*MESSAGE*
Temptation is the pressure to yield to influences that can lead people away from God and into sin. The Bible makes it clear that all human beings are subject to temptation, but the outcome often depends on the person’s state of mind and loyalty to God. On the other hand, lust is an inordinate and compulsive desire for sex, food, riches or power. Lust is natural to unbelievers (2 Peter 2:14-18) but Christians must fight against it by showing self-control (Galatians 5:16-21). The Bible condemns lust and describes it as an abomination to God. A classic example of an inappropriate desire is one that led Adam and Eve to eat the forbidden fruit (Genesis 3:6).

Lust and temptation are like tag team champions – they work together so well that it is often difficult to differentiate them. The desire for position or superiority, if not moderated by the Holy Spirit, may translate to an inappropriate quest for power, which has turned some to murderers. Some politicians do this with impunity and when the judgment of God later descends on them, they would say it is the handiwork of the devil. At first, David only desired to have a taste of Bathsheba – the wife of Uriah, but it ended up in the murder of her husband, which then brought a divine curse on David’s lineage.

Beloved, what are you lusting after? Repent today because it would have a sour and bitter end – sin and death. James 1:13-15 says, “Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man: But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed. Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.”

The above Bible passage reveals fundamental truths about lust and temptation. God is not responsible for human temptation. Temptation becomes activated in an individual when he or she is drawn by an inner lust and thus becomes enticed. Thereafter, lust would produce sin, which eventually leads to death. I pray for you today: you will not become an abandoned project or die before your time, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please deliver me from the power of lust and temptation, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 July 2023 HYMN 8: I Need Thee Every Hour

1 I need Thee ev’ry hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Chorus:
I need Thee, O I need Thee,
Ev’ry hour I need Thee
O bless me now, my Saviour
I come to Thee!

2 I need Thee every hour
Stay Thou nearby
Temptations lose their power
When Thou art nigh.

3 I need Thee every hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide
Or life is vain.

4 I need Thee every hour
Teach me Thy will,
And Thy rich promises
In me fulfill.

5 I need Thee every hour
Most Holy One;
Oh, make me thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Isaiah 53-56
