*Open Heaven 30 March 2024 TOPIC: He Did It All For You 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.” – Hebrews 9:26 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 26:37-45 (KJV)

37 And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy.

38 Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.

39 And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.

40 And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?

41 Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.

42 He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.

43 And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy.

44 And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.

45 Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.

*MESSAGE*
Jesus knows the end from the beginning, so He knew that what was going to happen to Him on the cross would be very terrible. This made Him pray in Matthew 26:39, saying, “…O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.” The Bible recorded that while He was saying this prayer, His sweat was like blood. This tells us that He took that prayer very seriously. Yet, Jesus still decided to go through with the suffering.

Jesus did not lay down His life out of compulsion. He said clearly in John 10:18 that He laid down His life willingly. That statement is heavy, and it made me ask, “What kind of love will make a man surrender Himself to be humiliated and slaughtered like this?”

I saw the perfect answer to my question in John 15:13 which says:

Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.

This is the greatest kind of love in the world. Jesus loves you more than anyone in the world can ever love you, and He showed it by laying down His life for you.

Again, I asked myself, “What will make a man surrender His life like this?” I saw the answer to this question in John 10:11-12. The Good Shepherd never deserts the sheep when He sees a wolf coming. He stays and protects the sheep from being devoured because of the love He has for the sheep. The devil is the wolf that tries to steal, kill and destroy, while Jesus is the Good Shepherd that laid down His life for you to have eternal life.

Jesus is the only genuine protection you can get from the claws of the wolf – the devil. If you believe in Him, and surrender your life to Him, the wolf will have no power over you because Jesus has already died for you. The wolf, however, is free to devour anyone that is not following Jesus or believers that stray away from Him.

Beloved, if you don’t want to be prey to the devil, give your life to Jesus Christ now. Commit to following Him and Him alone. He paid the ultimate price for you, and He is the only One that can lead you into everlasting life.

*PRAYER POINT*
Only those who are in the flock of the Good Shepherd are safe from the claws of the wolf.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 March 2024 HYMN 19 – Rock Of Ages, Cleft For Me

1 Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy riven side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Save me from its guilt and power.

2 Not the labor of my hands
Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears forever flow,
All could never sin erase,
Thou must save, and save by grace.

3 Nothing in my hands I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress,
Helpless, look to Thee for grace:
Foul, I to the fountain fly,
Wash me, Savior, or I die.

4 While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgment throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Samuel 28-31
