*Open Heaven 30 November 2023 TOPIC: Transfer Of Anointing 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.” – Acts 19:12 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 19:11-12 (KJV)

11 And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:

12 So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.

*MESSAGE*
Another way by which the anointing can be transferred from an anointed person to someone who needs it is by convection. Just think of how car batteries are charged. Dead batteries absorb enough power to supply electricity to your car. In the same way, an anointed man or woman can pray on a handkerchief or oil, send it to the place where the anointing is needed, and miracles would begin to happen through that medium. This is because it has become charged with anointing. In our Bible reading today, we see a very good example of the transfer of anointing by convection. Handkerchiefs or aprons that had contacted anointing from the body of Paul were used to heal many sick people and to drive out evil spirits.

I remember the first time I transferred anointing by convection. I had just returned from a journey overseas and was tired. One of my daughters came to me asking that I come and pray for her grandmother, who had just been operated on, but because of old age, the wound refused to heal. I was too tired to go with her to the hospital, so I prayed on a handkerchief and gave it to her to lay it on her grandmother. She did as I said and by the following day, not only was the grandmother healed, the doctors could not even find the scar from the surgery. The handkerchief transferred the power of healing. You must note, however that this is a higher form of transfer of anointing than conduction.

If you have just been newly anointed, you may need to spend quality time praying on the medium through which you want to transfer the anointing. As you grow in the anointing, you would get to the point where you can just pray a simple prayer on the medium and it would become anointed. You can reach the point where the medium becomes charged just by touching it. In Acts 19:11-12, the Bible did not say that Apostle Paul prayed on the handkerchiefs and aprons; he only touched them while using them and they became charged, but that was when he had gotten to the point where God was doing special miracles by his hands.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, anoint me so powerfully that anything I touch would also become anointed.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 November 2023 HYMN 25 – The Great Physician Now Is Near

1 The great Physician now is near,
The sympathising Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus.

Refrain:
Sweetest note in seraph song,
Sweetest name on mortal tongue;
Sweetest carol ever sung,
Jesus, blessed Jesus.

2 Your many sins are all forgiven,
Oh, hear the voice of Jesus;
Go on your way in peace to heaven,
And wear a crown with Jesus.

3 All glory to the risen Lamb!
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Saviour’s name,
I love the name of Jesus.

4 His name dispels my guilt and fear,
No other name but Jesus;
Oh! how my soul delights to hear
The charming name of Jesus.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: 1 Corinthians 5-9
