*Open Heaven 30 October 2023 TOPIC: Jesus Is Lord: No Controversy*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.” – Matthew 28:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Matthew 28:1-6 (KJV)

1 In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.

2 And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.

3 His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:

4 And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.

5 And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.

6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.

*MESSAGE*
The Lordship of Jesus Christ was confirmed and established the day He resurrected from death because no one has ever done that by himself. The Bible says: “And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my Beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased” (Matthew 3:17). This was repeated with greater emphasis according to the account of Luke on the Mount of Transfiguration where God, the Father, spoke to the inner caucus who were to spread the news later. The account says:

While he hath spake, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feared as they entered into the cloud. And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him. – Luke 9:34-35

Even after all these, the world still had not accepted Him as the Lord.

However, from John 8:46 when He boldly questioned, “Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?” up to His death in Matthew 27:54 when the soldiers said to themselves, “…Truly this was the Son of God”, the Lordship of Christ was being confirmed and established. In our text for today, we read the account of the resurrection of our Lord:

And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified. He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay. – Matthew 28:5-6

Apostle Paul wrote: “But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain” (1 Corinthians 15:13-14). May the Lord bless you as you exercise your faith in the Lordship of Jesus Christ.

The Bible says that anyone who believes in Jesus will not be condemned however, those who do not believe in Him are condemned already because they did not believe in the name of the only begotten son of God – Jesus Christ (John 3:18).

Which group would you like to belong to?

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, I believe Jesus is Lord. Please, let His Lordship be made evident in my life.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 October 2023 HYMN 18 – Praise To The Lord, The Almighty, The King Of Creation

1 Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation;
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation;
Join the great throng,
Psaltery, organ, and song,
Sounding in glad adoration.

2 Praise to the Lord, over all things he gloriously reigneth:
Borne as on eagle-wings, safely his saints he sustaineth.
Hast thou not seen,
How all thou needest hath been,
Granted in what he ordaineth?

3 Praise to the Lord, who doth prosper thy way and defend thee;
Surely his goodness and mercy shall ever attend thee;
Ponder anew,
What the Almighty can do,
Who with his love doth befriend thee.

4 Praise to the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath breath join with Abraham’s seed to adore Him!
Let the Amen
Sum all our praises again,
Now as we worship before Him.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 21-22
