*Open Heaven 30 September 2023 TOPIC: Hearing God*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.” – Isaiah 55:3 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 29:3-9 (KJV)

3 The voice of the Lord is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the Lord is upon many waters.

4 The voice of the Lord is powerful; the voice of the Lord is full of majesty.

5 The voice of the Lord breaketh the cedars; yea, the Lord breaketh the cedars of Lebanon.

6 He maketh them also to skip like a calf; Lebanon and Sirion like a young unicorn.

7 The voice of the Lord divideth the flames of fire.

8 The voice of the Lord shaketh the wilderness; the Lord shaketh the wilderness of Kadesh.

9 The voice of the Lord maketh the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests: and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory.

*MESSAGE*
I was merely a mathematician before God anointed me as a pastor. What would a mathematician possibly have to say that can profit you if God is not speaking through him? My life and ministry are built on what God says. My ears are always open to Him because when He speaks, power is at work. Ecclesiastes 8:4 says where the word of a king is, there is power. In The Redeemed Christian Church of God, we have seen great miracles – the dead coming back to life, blind eyes opening, women without wombs conceiving and delivering babies, and many other great testimonies, only because God speaks and power follows.

Believe me honestly, the only way to live an abundant life is to be able to hear God’s voice. I pity people who cannot hear or do not even know God. A believer that cannot hear God cannot work miracles, neither can he or she escape the traps of the devil.

John 6:68 says it clearly:

Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.

You cannot live without the spoken word of God. As a matter of fact, man was created to live by the word of God (Mathew 4:4). This is why the Bible must be your daily companion. The Bible is my favourite book because it has made me relevant to my generation. I will continue to read it so that God can do more in and through me.

You must also ensure that you choose carefully those you listen to. If you can hear God but listen to people who cannot, they will surely mislead you. Who are the people you go to for advice? Who are the people you depend on for correction? Proverbs 13:20 says a companion of fools shall be destroyed.

If your heart is pure and you haven’t heard from God, you need to pray until God opens your ears to hear Him. Set yourself apart and seek to hear God (Habakkuk 2:1). Your soul will live only by what you hear. Your future and the fulfilment of your destiny depend on what you do with the instructions you receive from God. Hear life and live.

*ACTION POINT*
Fast for three days and pray to the Lord to open your ears so you can hear Him.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 30 September 2023 HYMN 10 – In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This Cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when striving cease,
My Comforter, my All in All,

3 There in the ground His body lay
Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious Day,
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine,
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Could ever pluck me from His hand,
‘Til He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Zechariah 11-14
