*Open Heaven 31 August 2023 TOPIC: The God Of Restoration*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh’s hand:” – Genesis 40:21 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Luke 6:6-10 (KJV)

6 And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered.

7 And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.

8 But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.

9 Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?

10 And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.

*MESSAGE*
Restoration can be simply described as the process of returning something to its original state. Divine Restoration is an act of God because only the Creator of heaven and earth has the knowledge and ability to restore humanity to its original state. The unfortunate error of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden robbed mankind of their dominion in creation. This led to separation from God and attracted death and other terrible curses. Thereafter, life became full of different kinds of sins – idolatry, immorality, wickedness – until life became unbearably difficult. At this point, our loving and compassionate God decided to end the misery by restoring man’s dominion through redemption by the Lord Jesus Christ.

Restoration is a complete package that includes forgiveness of sins, freedom from guilt and mercy rather than judgement. It usually comes as an act of mercy, favour, compassion, and love, with the sole aim of reconciling mankind to God. Restoration often involves the remission of sin, cancellation of debts, and reversing the irreversible. Our God is a God of restoration. Jesus restored life to Lazarus in John 11:43-44 and the son of the widow of Nain in Luke 7:11-15. He restored sight to a man born blind in John 9:1-7. Our God can restore ill health, failing businesses, damaged relationships, broken marriages and lost opportunities. All you need to do is cry unto Him in prayer. May you be fully restored in every area of your life, in Jesus’ name.

The Bible teaches that as God is, so He wants us to be in this world. We must forgive everyone that has offended us while also seeking the forgiveness of those we have offended. Forgiveness is to be without limits, as stated in Luke 17:3-4 and Matthew 18:21-22. Forgiveness leads to peace, reconciliation, healing, progress, joy, prosperity, and answered prayers. Make up your mind to be at peace with all men (Hebrews 12:14), forgive everybody that has offended you and settle all pending disputes with your neighbours. Let the love of God radiate through you to others so that you would become a beneficiary of the abundant blessings of the Lord. Be restored to God first, then pursue restoration of every broken relationship as God guides you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, restore everything that I may have lost in time past, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 31 August 2023 HYMN 14 – O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,
Day I will never forget;
After I’d wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart!

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory fill my soul,
When at the cross my Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away
And my night was tuned to day
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God’s family divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it’s because of that wonderful day
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ezekiel 23-24
