*Open Heaven 31 October 2023 TOPIC: Jesus Is Lord: No Controversy 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.” – John 9:25 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 9:1-11 (KJV)

1 And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.

2 And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?

3 Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.

4 I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.

5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

6 When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,

7 And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.

8 The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?

9 Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.

10 Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?

11 He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.

*MESSAGE*
Yesterday we discussed how the resurrection of Jesus Christ confirmed His Lordship. This, in essence, establishes that only the One with the power over death can be Lord indeed. Today we shall look at another aspect of Jesus Christ’s Lordship – His dominion over all calamities and sicknesses, as seen in Isaiah 61:1. Luke 4:18 also corroborates this:

The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he bath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised.

When Jesus was confronted face to face with the madman of Gadara, for example, He demonstrated this virtue as the Great Deliverer and Miracle Worker when He cast out the demons that had held the madman captive for years (Luke 8:26-39). Jesus came to preach the gospel to the poor for all-around salvation, and rebuked with authority all who tried to oppose Him. For example, He preached: “Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves” (Matthew 23:15). To this and many of His teachings, it was said: “And it came to pass when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine: For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.” (Matthew 7:28-29).

Our Lord Jesus Christ was asked to prove His Lordship in John 10:24-25. All He did was to simply refer His ‘interviewers’ to the work that His Father had been doing through Him. He said: “…the works that I do in my Father’s name, they bear witness of me.” (John 10:25).

As children of God, we must be able to represent Jesus Christ adequately. All you need is to give your life to Jesus and live by His commandments.

I prophesy to you today: you will graduate from being a miracle consumer to a miracle worker, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, please empower me to represent You to the whole world.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 31 October 2023 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Luke 23-24
