*Open Heaven 4 February 2024 TOPIC: The Holy Ghost Baptism And Power (1)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.” – Acts 1:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 3:1-8 (KJV)

1 Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.

2 And a certain man lame from his mother’s womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;

3 Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.

4 And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.

5 And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.

6 Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.

7 And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.

8 And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.

*MESSAGE*
Today’s Bible reading passage starts with ‘Now’. This implies that after the incident that happened before, something new is happening. Acts 2 tells us about the day of Pentecost and how everyone at the upper room was filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance. Now then refers to something that was about to happen in the lives of Peter and John as a result of that incident. Clearly, that was the working of miracles.

When you get baptised in the Holy Ghost, you carry divine power within you. You have the power to work miracles, heal the sick and raise the dead. Unfortunately, many Christians become baptised and are satisfied with just speaking in tongues. You received more than that when you were baptised in the Holy Spirit; you received the power to go out and do the work of God.

Many years ago, I prayed to God for many weeks for power to do His work, but He didn’t respond. At last, one night, He told me to keep quiet and began to ask me some questions. “Have you been baptised in the Holy Ghost?” I said, “Yes”. He said, “What is written in Acts 1:8?” I knew it offhand, so I quoted it to Him. Then He said, “You received power after your baptism in the Holy Ghost.” I responded, “Lord, but I don’t feel powerful.” He replied, “Did I say the just shall live by feelings?”

The next morning, a sick child was brought to me for prayers. I was afraid, but then I remembered the conversation I had with God the previous night, so I laid my hands on the child and prayed. Not long after, I felt the child go numb, and I thought to myself, “Has this child died?” When I finished praying and opened my eyes, I realised that the child was sound asleep. The mother said that the child had not slept in days, but now, she was sure that God had healed her child.

Go out and use the power that God has already given to you, if not, it will remain dormant. When I realised that I had been empowered by God, I was hungry to keep laying hands on the sick. That is how I’ve gotten to the stage where many great miracles happen through me today. I have been using the power God gave me since I was baptised in the Holy Spirit and it has been growing since then.

*PRAYER POINT*
If you have received the Holy Ghost baptism with the evidence of speaking in tongues, begin to use the power God gave to you.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 4 February 2024 HYMN 4 – To The Work! To The Work! We Are Servants Of God

1 To the work! to the work! we are servants of God,
Let us follow the path that our Master has trod;
With the might of His power our strength to renew,
Let us do by His grace what He calls us to do.
Work for Him by His grace;
Work thru Him for His praise;
Work with Him all the days;
And work in Him in many ways.

2 To the work! to the work! let the hungry be fed;
To the fountain of life let the thirsty be led;
In the cross and its vict’ry our glory shall be,
While we herald the tidings, “Salvation is free!”

3 To the work! to the work! in the strength of the Lord,
By the pow’r of His Name, with the light of His Word,
All the slaves of the darkness of Satan set free
And His riches of grace in His glory we’ll see.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 22-23
