*Open Heaven 4 November 2023 TOPIC: While Men Slept 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:” – 1 Peter 5:8 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Isaiah 29:10-14 (KJV)

10 For the Lord hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered.

11 And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed:

12 And the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned.

13 Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:

14 Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.

*MESSAGE*
This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me. – Matthew 15:8

You are in a state of spiritual sleep when you profess to love God with your mouth, but your heart is far from Him. You are sleeping spiritually when you are no longer excited to spend time with the One you call your Father. David prayed to God to restore unto him the joy of his salvation. This means he had lost the joy he used to feel as a child of God (Psalm 51:2). When material things become more important than the spiritual, when you believe natural laws more than the word of God, then you are sleeping spiritually. I believe God that you will awake from every spiritual slumber today, in Jesus’ name.

For the LORD hath poured out upon you the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your rulers, the seers hath he covered. – Isaiah 29:10

When you see someone who keeps trying to cope with a problem instead of praying, it means he or she is already sleeping spiritually because the fellow cannot see what the devil is doing. If you make a decision when you are spiritually asleep, that decision is likely to be wrong because you would be spiritually blind. Before you decide on whom to marry or enter into a business venture with, make sure you are spiritually alert. When you sleep spiritually, you cannot discern spirits correctly. You would believe any false prophet who says things that appeal to you; you would embrace a wolf in sheep’s clothing and hand over your pearls to pigs.

A leader in the Church cannot afford to sleep spiritually because the devil can attack the people under his or her leadership and God says their blood would be on that leader’s head (Ezekiel 33:6-7). Therefore, if you are a leader in the house of God, more than anyone else, you must be spiritually alert. God forbid someone dies and goes to spend eternity in hell because of your spiritual negligence.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, awaken me from every spiritual sleep today, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 4 November 2023 HYMN 17 – Praise My Soul, The King Of Heaven

1 Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven,
To His feet your tribute bring.
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Evermore His praises sing.
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

2 Praise Him for His grace and favour
To His people in distress.
Praise Him, still the same as ever,
Slow to chide and swift to bless.
Alleluia! alleluia!

4 Angels, help us to adore Him!
You behold Him face to face.
Sun and moon, bow down before Him,
Dwellers all in time and space,
Alleluia! alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: John 7-8
