*Open Heaven 5 August 2023 TOPIC: Increase Your Spiritual Capacity 1*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.” – 2 Corinthians 4:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: James 4:7-8 (KJV)

7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.

8 Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.

*MESSAGE*
Many people say that the spiritual controls the physical and this is very true; however, many don’t take advantage of this knowledge. It is time to start increasing your capacity in the spirit so that you can begin to control things in the physical.

The stronger you become in the spirit, the stronger you will be in the physical. If you don’t believe me, read (2 Kings 1:9) and then compare it to (2 Kings 6:14-15). When the king wanted to arrest Elijah, he sent 50 soldiers and their captain, but when Elisha was to be arrested, the king sent an entire army. Elisha had a double portion of the spirit of Elijah, so in the physical, he was also stronger than Elijah.

The deeper you go in the spirit, the higher you fly in the physical. The people of the world seem to understand this better than most Christians. If an idol worshipper is to be given a position, he must complete some rituals first. Many shallow Christians today go to the world and try to compete with these same people for such positions. Everyone knows that the higher the building will be, the deeper its foundation must also be. You must begin to study your Bible, pray and fast more if you really want to excel in life. The deeper you go, the higher you fly.

Many have read the entire Bible from Genesis to Revelation, but only a few have learnt deep things about spiritual dealings from the word of God. Many have read Proverbs 6:26 but when they are being seduced by a woman, they can’t discern that there is an agenda in the spirit realm to destroy them. This is why there are many Christians falling prey to the tricks of the devil today because they don’t understand how he operates and what to do to defeat him.

If you want to become a millionaire, you will contend with the demons that contend with millionaires. God will not take you to a level that your spiritual capacity cannot handle; if He does, then He is setting you up for defeat. Increase your spiritual capacity and you will see Him raise you higher until your physical dominance matches your spiritual capacity.

*PRAYER POINT*
If you can rule in the spirit, you will definitely rule in the physical.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 5 August 2023 HYMN 12: Onward, Christian Soldiers!

1 Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!
Christ, the Royal Master, leads against the foe;
Forward into battle, see His banner go!

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!

2 At the name of Jesus, Satan’s host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers, on to victory!
Hell’s foundations quiver, at the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices, loud your anthem raise!

3 Like a mighty army, moves the Church of God;
Brothers, we are treading, where the saints have trod;
We are not divided, all one body we,
One in hope and doctrine, one in charity.

4 Crowns and thrones may perish, kingdom’s rise and wane;
But the Church of Jesus, constant will remain:
Gates of hell can never ‘gainst that church prevail;
We have Christ’s own promise, and that cannot fail.

5 Onward then, ye people, join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices, in the triumph song:
Glory, praise and honour, unto Christ the King;
This, through countless ages, men and angels sing.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 6-8
