*Open Heaven 5 February 2024 TOPIC: The Holy Ghost Baptism And Power (2)*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.” – 2 Timothy 1:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Acts 4:1-13 (KJV)

1 And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them,

2 Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.

3 And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.

4 Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.

5 And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes,

6 And Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.

7 And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?

8 Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,

9 If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;

10 Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.

11 This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.

12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.

13 Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.

*MESSAGE*
In the Bible reading for today, Peter confronted the Sadducees, defending his faith and the name of Jesus Christ. However, was Peter this bold before he was baptised in the Holy Spirit? The simple answer is, “NO”.

In Matthew 14:28-32, Peter was described as being ‘afraid’ after he saw the boisterousness of the wind. In John 18:16-27, when servants recognised him as one of Jesus’ followers, he denied it and swore that he did not know Jesus. This same Peter was now the one confronting Sadducees.

In Acts 4:10, the one who denied Jesus Christ said, “The same Jesus you crucified, God has raised Him from the dead, and it is through Him that this lame man is standing before you whole.” He added that there is no other name given unto men by which anybody can be saved but by Jesus – he was now standing solidly behind Jesus Christ. The Peter after Pentecost was different from the Peter before Pentecost. He was now bold and could speak about Jesus Christ to anyone regardless of their status in the society.

Acts 4:13 says that the boldness of Peter and John was beheld by the people around them. In other words, their boldness became very obvious. What was responsible for this kind of boldness? The answer to this question can be found in Acts 4:8:

Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel…

Being filled with the Holy Ghost is the antidote for fear. If fear has been holding you back from fulfilling your destiny, it is because you are not yet filled with the Holy Ghost. When you become filled with the Holy Ghost, you will look at the biggest obstacle in front of you and smile because you know that greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world (1 John 4:4).

Whenever fear tries to creep into your heart, start speaking in the Holy Ghost. Speak in tongues to the point where you ascend above the level of that fear. The Holy Spirit gives you the boldness to surmount any obstacle that may be standing in your path, no matter how big it may appear. Pray in the Holy Ghost every day, study your Bible, and have the Holy Ghost lead you. Make the Holy Ghost your companion at all times, and fear will become a stranger to you.

*PRAYER POINT*
Are you constantly filled with the Holy Ghost?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 5 February 2024 HYMN 20 – Stand Up! Stand Up For Jesus

1 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
Ye soldiers of the cross;
Lift high His royal banner,
It must not suffer loss:
From vict’ry unto vict’ry
His army shall He lead,
Till every foe is vanquished
And Christ is Lord indeed.

2 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict
In this His glorious day.
Ye that are men, now serve Him
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger.
And strength to strength oppose.

3 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you;
Ye dare not trust your own.
Put on the Gospel armor,
And, watching unto prayer,
Where duty calls, or danger,
Be never wanting there.

4 Stand up! stand up for Jesus!
The strife will not be long:
This day the noise of battle,
The next the victor’s song;
To him that overcometh
A crown of life shall be;
He, with the King of glory,
Shall reign eternally.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 24-25
