*Open Heaven 5 October 2023 TOPIC: Where Are You?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?” – 2 Corinthians 13:5 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Genesis 3:8-9 (KJV)

8 And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden.

9 And the Lord God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?

*MESSAGE*
I am convinced that the question God asked Adam in our Bible reading is still very relevant today. Beloved, if God asks you that question today, what would be your sincere response?

To answer the question above sincerely, you must first ask yourself another question: “Where was I yesterday?” In this case, yesterday could be last week, last year or when you first got born again. After answering this question sincerely, you can then proceed to answer the question, “Where are you now?”

From the day of birth, we all begin a return journey to where we are from (Ecclesiastes 12:1-7). That is why, no matter how young you are, you are growing older day by day. You should therefore ask yourself regularly, “How far have I gone in fulfilling the purpose of my creation and salvation?”

Let us consider Samson. He used to be a terror to the enemies but he ended up grinding corn in their prison. You should ask yourself, “Am I going on to greater heights, bearing fruits that abide? Am I increasing spiritually or decreasing? Am I spending more time in God’s presence than I used to or is the reverse the case? Am I winning more souls into the kingdom than I used to?”

You should also ask yourself, “Am I increasing financially or decreasing?” If there is a decrease, could it be that you have been eating your seed? Or could it be that you are sowing sparingly (2 Corinthians 9:6)? Could it be that, because you have been defaulting in your tithe and offerings, you are working under a divine curse (Malachi 3:8-9)?

Beloved, as a child of God, it is important to ask yourself these questions from time to time. If you discover that you are not experiencing growth in any area of your life, please consider your ways (Haggai. 1:5-7). Ask the Holy Spirit to examine you and show you where you might have gotten it wrong. Ask Him for what to do to bring about a positive turn around in your life.

I pray you will fulfil God’s purpose for your life, in Jesus’ name.

*PRAYER POINT*
Are you where you are supposed to be?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 5 October 2023 HYMN 12 – Onward, Christian Soldiers!

1 Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!
Christ, the Royal Master, leads against the foe;
Forward into battle, see His banner go!

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before!

2 At the name of Jesus, Satan’s host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers, on to victory!
Hell’s foundations quiver, at the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices, loud your anthem raise!

3 Like a mighty army, moves the Church of God;
Brothers, we are treading, where the saints have trod;
We are not divided, all one body we,
One in hope and doctrine, one in charity.

4 Crowns and thrones may perish, kingdom’s rise and wane;
But the Church of Jesus, constant will remain:
Gates of hell can never ‘gainst that church prevail;
We have Christ’s own promise, and that cannot fail.

5 Onward then, ye people, join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices, in the triumph song:
Glory, praise and honour, unto Christ the King;
This, through countless ages, men and angels sing.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Matthew 10-11
