*Open Heaven 6 August 2023 TOPIC: Increase Your Spiritual Capacity 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.” – Galatians 5:17 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Romans 8:1-13 (KJV)

1 There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

2 For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.

3 For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:

4 That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.

5 For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.

6 For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.

7 Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.

8 So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.

9 But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.

10 And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.

11 But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.

12 Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.

13 For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.

*MESSAGE*
We learnt yesterday about the importance of increasing our spiritual capacity and a bit about how to go about this. Today, we would go a bit deeper in discussing how to increase our spiritual capacity. The main goal in increasing our spiritual capacity is to be more spiritually-minded; to be more like Jesus and less like our default human nature.

Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. – Romans 8:7

The first thing you must do is to surrender your life to the Lordship of Jesus Christ, be baptized by immersion, signifying your death to the flesh and a new life in Jesus. After this, you seek to be baptized in the Holy Spirit and invite Him to dwell in you and take control of your life.

Once the above steps are taken, you must begin to do less of the things your flesh wants you to do. Don’t let your flesh control you. You cannot be spending all your free time on social media, attending parties or eating as often as you like. If you give your flesh everything it asks for, you will remain under its control and this can only lead to eternal damnation. Paul said in Acts 17:28 that it is in Jesus that we believers live, move and have our being. That must be your testimony too. You also need the Holy Spirit to keep the flesh under control. You are not strong enough to deal with the flesh by yourself (Romans 8:13).

To continue to grow your spiritual capacity, you must truly pray without ceasing, as 1 Thessalonians 5:17 says. If you are not willing to pray consistently and fervently at all times, you are not yet willing to increase your spiritual capacity. When you cannot pray in understanding, switch to praying in the Spirit. Fasting and studying the word of God daily must also become your lifestyle (Jeremiah 15:16). You must also seek to hear God at all times. Ask Him questions about things you don’t understand in the Scriptures.

These steps may appear simple and straight forward, but many people find it difficult to do them consistently.

*PRAYER POINT*
Are you increasing your spiritual capacity?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 6 August 2023 HYMN 10: In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This Cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when striving cease,
My Comforter, my All in All,
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone who took on flesh
Fullness of God in helpless Babe
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save
‘Til on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied,
For every sin on Him was laid,
Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body lay
Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious Day,
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine,
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Could ever pluck me from His hand,
‘Til He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Jeremiah 9-11
