*Open Heaven 6 February 2024 TOPIC: Revival Is Here*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy people may rejoice in thee?” – Psalm 85:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Joel 2:28-32 (KJV)

28 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:

29 And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.

30 And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.

31 The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the Lord come.

32 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the Lord hath said, and in the remnant whom the Lord shall call.

*MESSAGE*
Revival is here and only those who are prepared will be a part of it. God is doing a new thing and He wants to use willing vessels, not just pastors and men of God, but also ordinary people that are filled with the Holy Ghost. If you have not yet been baptized in the Holy Ghost, you better ask Him for the baptism. A big revival is here, and He doesn’t want to use the pastors alone; he wants to use all His willing and available children. The question, however, is, are you fit for the Master’s use?

There are two major things you need to be fit for the Master’s use in this revival. They are stated in 2 Timothy 2:21:

If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, and meet for the master’s use, and prepared unto every good work.

The first thing you must do is purge yourself of any iniquity – you must be sanctified. Sanctification comes through constant study and dependence on the word of God (John 17:17).

Secondly, you must be prepared to work. God cannot use you if you are lazy, He only uses people that are prepared to work hard. Proverbs 18:9 says:

He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster.

God describes the lazy man as being just the same as a waster. God won’t waste His anointing on you if you are lazy. When He gives you the anointing, it is not the time to relax but the time to work even harder.

Beloved, it takes hard work to become a champion, but it takes even harder work to remain one. When you are struggling to become a champion, you stretch yourself and train vigorously. Once you become one, you will suddenly realise that from that moment, everybody starts coming after your crown to take it from you. Clearly, it is better not to have become a champion than to be an ex-champion while still at one’s prime. The pain of the ex-champion is not the bruises on his body, it is the shame of walking in the streets and seeing those that had been hailing him as a champion suddenly turn their faces away from him.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, when You are looking for people to use for Your glory, please don’t leave me out.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 6 February 2024 HYMN 23 – Take My Life, And Let It Be

1 Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

2 Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

3 Take my voice, and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips, and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

4 Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect, and use
Every power as Thou shalt choose,
Every power as Thou shalt choose.

5 Take my will, and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine.
Take my heart; it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

6 Take my love; my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure-store.
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Leviticus 26-27
