*Open Heaven 7 December 2023 TOPIC: What Are You Known For?*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?” – Matthew 16:13 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Hebrews 11:4-11 (KJV)

4 By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.

5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.

6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.

7 By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.

8 By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.

9 By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:

10 For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

11 Through faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.

*MESSAGE*
Whether you realise it or not, people are watching you and tagging you with an identity. The tag they give you is dependent on their observations about what you do regularly.

If the people around you are to be honest with you, there is something in particular that they know you for and you need to know what it is because that thing is likely a reflection of who you are. You may not like what they call you, but if everyone agrees that a tag or identity fits you, rather than fight them for tagging you that way, you can just take it as feedback and change your character.

It could be offensive when you can remember your positive attributes, but people seem to only pick out your negative attributes and tag you with it. Don’t be offended; God is only using them to sharpen you and make you a better person. Rather than complain, saying, “Can’t you see all my positive behaviours?” take the feedback and use it to improve yourself. Don’t mind the fact that they are not commenting on the things you thought were good about yourself; you just take whatever negative thing they say and turn it to positive so that you can be a better person.

Now, since people will most likely notice the negative traits of a person before the positives, if you want to be known for the latter, you have to do it so much that it will be impossible for them not to notice it. Improve on your strengths. I have always wanted to be known as the man constantly winning souls for God, so I do that at every opportunity and today, people know that if you give Pastor Adeboye the microphone just to greet the people, he is likely to tell them to give their lives to Christ. I love to praise God and I want people to know me for that, so I am not ashamed to carry my tambourine around with me everywhere I go.

Begin to repeatedly exhibit those good behaviours that you desire people to identify you with. Do it so much that if anybody mentions your name, that is the trait that will come to mind immediately.

The people mentioned in our Bible reading today were known for their faith in God. What are you known for?

*ACTION POINT*
Find out what people know you for and if it is not something you are proud of, change your ways.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 7 December 2023 HYMN 7 – I Am Thine O Lord

1 I am Thine, O Lord
I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

2 Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord
By the power of grace divine
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

3 Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God
I commune as friend with friend!

4 There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Galatians 4-6
