*Open Heaven 7 March 2024 TOPIC: The Purpose Of The Anointing*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,” – Luke 4:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Isaiah 61:1-3 (KJV)

1 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;

2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;

3 To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, that he might be glorified.

*MESSAGE*
In our Bible reading for today, the Bible says that the first reason the Spirit of the Lord is upon you is to preach good tidings.

Acts 1:8 says:But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.

God says, “You will not only be a witness to me in the comfort of your home or local assembly; you must also go from Jerusalem to Judea, then to Samaria and to the uttermost parts of the world.” The anointing is not only for your domestic use; it is also to be used in the uttermost parts of the world for preaching the gospel. This is why I am amazed when I see preachers who do not go out of their comfort zones to preach the gospel – preachers who just stay in their local assemblies where they are comfortable and preach from there. They ignore the rest of the world and act as if it is not their business if people go to hell.

When you become anointed, your first assignment is to begin to preach the gospel to those that are around you and then progress until you get to the uttermost parts of the world. When you start going out to preach, you will see how many people around the world still don’t know about Christ. If you take a walk around Redemption City in Nigeria, there are several banners that show pictures and names of countries where Christianity has hardly gotten to. This is to remind us that we are not called to remain in our comfort zones, but we are to go out and win souls for our Lord.

I am 82 years old, and even at my age, I have not stopped going everywhere I can to preach the gospel because I know that it is the very first reason that God anointed me. I have been to countries that most people in the world don’t even know exist! The reason we see many young ministers rise and fall is that after they receive the anointing, they choose to stay in their comfort zones.

Beloved, the harvest is plenty, but labourers are few. Will you make yourself available? Go out and work for your Father, especially when you are still young.

*PRAYER POINT*
What are you doing with the anointing of God over your life?

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 7 March 2024 HYMN 12 – Onward, Christian Soldiers!

1 Onward Christian soldiers!
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus
Going on before.
Christ, the royal Master,
Leads against the foe;
Forward into battle,
See, His banners go!

Refrain
Onward, Christian soldiers!
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus,
Going on before.

2 At the name of Jesus
Satan’s host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers,
On to victory!
Hell’s foundations quiver
At the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices,
Loud your anthems raise!

3 Like a mighty army
Moves the Church of God:
Brothers, we are treading
Where the saints have trod;
We are not divided,
All one Body we—
One in faith and Spirit,
One eternally.

4 Crowns and thrones may perish,
Kingdoms rise and wane;
But the Church of Jesus
Constant will remain.
Gates of hell can never
’Gainst the Church prevail;
We have Christ’s own promise,
Which can never fail.

5 Onward, then, ye people!
Join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices
In the triumph song.
Glory, laud and honor
Unto Christ, the King;
This through countless ages
Men and angels sing.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Joshua 11-13
