*Open Heaven 7 October 2023 TOPIC: The Way*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.” – John 14:6 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: John 8:32-36 (KJV)

32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.

33 They answered him, We be Abraham’s seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?

34 Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.

35 And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.

36 If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.

*MESSAGE*
Someone may want to ask the Lord Jesus Christ, “Everybody calls You one name or the other; some say teacher, some say prophet. What would You love to be called?” In today’s memory verse, He said, “I am the Way, the Truth and the Life”. These are three mighty names, but for the next few days, we will be looking at Jesus as ‘The Way’.

Today, we will consider Jesus as the way to freedom. John 8:32 says: “And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.”

In John 8:36, the Bible says, “If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.” When we talk about freedom, there are some people who think they are free but are not. Many influential people have problems that money cannot solve – problems completely beyond the power of science. However, there is no problem beyond the power of Jesus Christ. He is the way to freedom. There was a man in Mark 5:1-15 who was controlled by a legion of demons. Just one word from The Way, and all the demons left him.

There was a woman who had this peculiar condition that caused electrical currents to pass through her whenever any electronic appliance around her was switched on. If you switched on the electric iron, she would become hot while the iron remained cold. If you switched on the fan, the woman would start rotating. Once, when she wanted to go to the hospital in a van, as soon as the driver started the engine, the current flowed from the battery, picked her up and threw her out of the vehicle. Due to this strange condition, electricity supply had to be cut off from her house.

I went to see this woman and told her I knew someone who could set her free. She immediately gave her life to Jesus, we prayed a simple prayer and when we turned on the fan, it rotated without affecting her in any way. She was set free by The Way.

The only way to obtain freedom is by surrendering your life completely to The Way.

*PRAYER POINT*
Jesus is the only way to true freedom.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 7 October 2023 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

2 But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

3 Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Matthew 14-17
