*Open Heaven 8 November 2023 TOPIC: Beware Of Pride 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.” – 2 Corinthians 10:12 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: 1 Peter 5:6 (KJV)

6 Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:

*MESSAGE*
Another way by which a person exhibits pride is by comparing their achievements with those of others. Our Bible reading yesterday (1 Kings 19:13-18) showed us that God asked Elijah to anoint his replacements. There is a big lesson to be learnt there. You must never have a ‘holier than thou attitude’ or feel you are doing better than others. You may be more talented or hardworking; however, you must remain humble at all times. The point at which you become proud is where your rising stops. King Saul is another example of this (1 Samuel 15:25-30).

Our Bible reading today tells us clearly that our humility is required before God promotes us. In other words, once you become proud, you become too heavy for God to exalt. You cannot rise without the grace of God, so remain humble, no matter how much you think you have already achieved (James 4:6).

The word of God says clearly that those who compare themselves among themselves are not wise (2 Corinthians 10:12). There is only one true judge and that is God. The teacher is in the best position to see his or her students’ mistakes. For example, if we were to ask Joshua, “How well have you done?” he most likely would have said, “Extremely well” since he achieved what Moses could not. However, God said:

Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed. – Joshua 13:1

God was essentially saying that Joshua failed because he could not finish his job. Don’t ever think that you are perfect because, if we were to count iniquity, no one would be able to stand (Psalm 130:3). Just thank God for how far He has brought you and pray for others around you. Nobody is better than the other; we must prefer one another in honour (Romans 12:10).

*PRAYER POINT*
Once you start comparing your achievements to that of others, you stop growing.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 8 November 2023 HYMN 10 – In Christ Alone

1 In Christ alone my hope is found
He is my light, my strength, my song
This Cornerstone, this solid ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when striving cease,
My Comforter, my All in All,
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

2 In Christ alone who took on flesh
Fullness of God in helpless Babe
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save
‘Til on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied,
For every sin on Him was laid,
Here in the death of Christ I live.

3 There in the ground His body lay
Light of the world by darkness slain
Then bursting forth in glorious Day,
Up from the grave He rose again
And as He stands in victory,
Sin’s curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine,
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

4 No guilt in life, no fear in death
This is the power of Christ in me
From life’s first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Could ever pluck me from His hand,
‘Til He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I stand.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: John 16-17
