*Open Heaven 9 December 2023 TOPIC: Don’t Worry 2*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.” – 1 Peter 5:7 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Psalm 91:1-9 (KJV)

1 He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.

2 I will say of the Lord, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust.

3 Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence.

4 He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler.

5 Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day;

6 Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday.

7 A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.

8 Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.

9 Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation;

*MESSAGE*
There are some people who go beyond worrying about the basic things of life, to fearing the unknown. They worry about all they have disappearing because Proverbs 23:5 says riches can develop wings and fly away. The Almighty God says “Don’t worry at all” because He is the All-Sufficient God (Genesis 17:1). The One who gave you what you have now has much more in store for you. Philippians 4:19 says you should not worry because He will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory. Do you know how rich He is in glory? Isaiah 6:3 says the whole earth is full of His glory. He is extremely rich in glory and since He has promised to supply your needs according to His riches in glory, then you know that supply will never run dry. Proverbs 10:22 says: “The blessing of the LORD, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it.”

If your riches are from God, then you have absolutely nothing to worry about; otherwise, understand that money gotten from any other source outside God will come with sorrows.

You can be very rich and have many servants, but when you have grown old and feeble, you can call them and they may not answer. In fact, the Bible calls old age the evil days (Ecclesiastes 12:1-3). Some people, even though they are surrounded by friends, grandchildren, servants and everything they need, still worry. They worry about what is going to happen when they die. They worry about where they will spend eternity. In Psalm 37:25, David said, “I have been young, and now am old; yet have l not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.” The same David told us in Psalm 34:10, “The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing.” He concluded Psalm 23 by saying that there is only one thing for you to look forward to if you are on the side of the Lord and that is goodness and mercy all the days of your life (verses 5 and 6). As long as you are on the side of the Lord, put your mind at rest, God will take care of you.

*PRAYER POINT*
As long as you are on the side of the Lord, you don’t need to worry.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 9 December 2023 HYMN 14 – O What A Wonderful, Wonderful Day

1 O what a wonderful, wonderful day,
Day I will never forget;
After I’d wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart!

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory fill my soul,
When at the cross my Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away
And my night was tuned to day
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

2 Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God’s family divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary’s love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

3 Now I’ve a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it’s because of that wonderful day
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Ephesians 4-6
