*Open Heaven 9 March 2024 TOPIC: A Brush With Fire*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.” – Exodus 3:5 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Exodus 3:1-5 (KJV)

1 Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.

2 And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.

3 And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.

4 And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here am I.

5 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

*MESSAGE*
In 1 Kings 19:19, as Elijah was passing by Elisha, he cast his mantle upon him, and from that day, Elisha’s life never remained the same. Anything that the Holy Spirit has touched has been touched by fire, and when fire touches something, it changes permanently.

Exodus 3:1-5 tells us that the fire of God touched the ground of that backside of the desert, and from that moment onward, God called it holy ground. When Moses got there, God told him to take off his shoes because the ordinary soil He had touched had become holy ground.

Exodus 4:1-20 tells us how holy the ground was, because everything that touched that ground also changed permanently, such that in verse 20, the Bible says:

And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.

After the encounter with the fire of God, Moses left for Egypt, and amongst all the things he took, he took the rod of God. The ordinary rod of a shepherd had now become the rod of God because it touched the holy ground.

Some years ago, a woman fell so ill that the doctors said that there was nothing they could do to help her. Her children were advised to take her home so she could die with her family around her. The woman told her children, “Don’t take me home; take me to the Redeemed Christian Church of God headquarters.” They told her, “Mama, but there is no service today. The pastor will not be there.” She said, “I didn’t say I want to go and see the pastor; just take me there.” They took her to the church, but because she was very weak, she could not walk by herself, so she asked them to help her reach one of the pillars of the building. The moment she got to the pillar and touched it, she became completely healed, and she walked back to the car herself. She experienced a brush with the fire of God through her faith, and she became healed.

There is tremendous power in anything that has touched holy ground. Don’t just go for services casually, be conscious that you are going to a place of fire. When you go to your local assembly, go with expectations, and you will experience great miracles in your life.

*PRAYER POINT*
Father, the next time I come into Your presence, please don’t let me go back home the same way I came, in Jesus’ name.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 9 March 2024 HYMN 1 – All Hail The Power Of Jesus Name

1 All hail the pow’r of Jesus’ name!
Let angels prostrate fall,
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him,
crown Him, crown Him;
And crown Him Lord of all!

2 Ye chosen seed of Israel’s race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,

3 Sinners, whose love can ne’er forget
The wormwood and the gall,
The wormwood and the gall,
Go, spread your trophies at His feet,

4 Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,

5 O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall,
We at His feet may fall!
We’ll join the everlasting song,

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Joshua 18-20
