*Open Heaven 9 October 2023 TOPIC: The Way Forward*

*MEMORY VERSE*
MEMORISE: “But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.” – Proverbs 4:18 (KJV)

*BIBLE READING*
READ: Luke 5:1-7 (KJV)

1 And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,

2 And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.

3 And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon’s, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.

4 Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.

5 And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.

6 And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.

7 And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.

*MESSAGE*
Jesus is the Way forward. In Luke 5:1-7, Peter had fished all night but caught nothing. He wasn’t lazy, but he was still considered a failure. When Jesus stepped into his boat however, all of a sudden, there was a way forward. Just like Peter, many people find themselves going around in circles. When Jesus steps into your boat, your forward motion would become accelerated.

One of my sons came to me and said, “Daddy, I’ve been on one spot for more than 12 years. I have applied to an organisation now and have been scheduled for an interview, so I need prayers to succeed”. I was about to pray for him when he said, “No, don’t pray, just say a word”, so I said, “Go, and the interview will go well.” He said amen and left. He returned the following day excited. “Daddy, I prepared for that interview like no man’s business. When I got there, they only asked me three questions, ‘What is your name? What position did you apply for? When can you start?’ I told them I would start tomorrow”. I congratulated him and he said, “No, speak another word” and I did. The following day, he came again, trembling, “Daddy, I got to my new place of work and was told that their Managing Director just resigned; they then asked me to become the new Managing Director”. Again he asked me to speak another word, so I did. The following day, he was back. This time, he was almost speechless. “Daddy, they discovered that their Managing Director resigned because their competitor offered him double the salary they were paying, and since they don’t want me to leave, they doubled my salary”. I congratulated him again, and he said, “No, speak another word”. This time, I said jokingly, “Do you want to take the company over from the owners?”

When I was a lecturer in the University, I had a driver, but then, somehow, by the middle of the month, I would have become so broke that I would be borrowing money to fuel the car from this same driver whose salary I was paying. I was being relatively well paid but somehow, I wasn’t moving forward in life. I then met Christ and everything turned around – not because of any brilliance on my part, but rather simply because I gave my life to Christ and began to live holy. This can be your story too, if you do the same.

*PRAYER POINT*
With Jesus in your boat, success is guaranteed.

*HYMN*
Open Heaven 9 October 2023 HYMN 30 – When We Walk With The Lord

1 When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there’s no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

2 But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay,
For the favour He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

3 Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we’ll walk by His side in the way,
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go,
Never fear, only trust and obey.

*BIBLE IN ONE YEAR*
BIBLE IN ONE YEAR: Matthew 21-22
